57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c33 | Hydrophone damper assembly | A damper for use in submerged hydrophone suspension systems including an elongated mass cylinder defined by a tube of flexible synthetic plastic film utilizing a check valve located at each end permitting water to enter the tube and preventing egress. Additionally, each tube end is provided with a disk transversely disposed to the tube length and of a diameter substantially greater than that of the tube to provide drag and hydrodynamic mass damping. The tube and disk are of a configuration to eliminate vortex shedding and the entire damper assembly is capable of being folded and packed within a concise configuration prior to deployment.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c34 | Pliable tape structure | A flexible longitudinally continuous tape construction is disclosed for use in joining mating edges of juxtaposed members, the tape having an X-like configuration transversely of its length to provide legs adapted to receive and be secured to the edges of the members to be joined. The tape is capable of serving as a pliable hinge to permit articulation of the joined members, or it may also serve simply as a binding for joining members intended to be fixed relative to each other. The tape construction combines longitudinally continuous marginal web portions or carriers, forming the extremities of the legs of the X, with longitudinally spaced strand or equivalent connector means running crosswise of and interconnecting pairs of marginal web portions. The connector means intersect and interlock forming the axis of the X-like configuration.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c35 | Method of preserving perishable products | The method of packaging perishable products in a container and insuring preservation of the products while in the container, which method consists in permanently sealing the opening of the container after the product is packaged thereafter forcing an inert fluid to expel the air from the container through a port entry and exhaust, then sealing the port entry and exhaust while in the process of purging, thus trapping the inert fluid in the container.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c36 | Catamenial device | An improvement in a tampon for absorbing menstrual fluids in which a capillary wick of non-absorbing material extends into the interior body of the tampon. The wick acts as a capillary transport to carry fluids to the core of the tampon body, thus using the absorptive capacity of the unexposed cotton.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c37 | Removable vehicle chassis sub-frame with engine | A heavy duty motor vehicle has a main frame with a forward axle and steerable ground wheels. A power unit sub-frame carrying a rear axle is releasably secured to the main frame, and includes an engine assembly which is located at an intermediate position between the axles. The unit may also include a fifth wheel assembly whereby it becomes a towing vehicle for a further trailer unit or units.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c38 | Golf glove | A golf glove is disclosed having an extra finger pocket between the index and middle finger pockets for securing one finger of one hand of a golf player between the fingers of the player's other hand.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c39 | Crib leg lock | A lock for a height-adjustable crib or playpen requires two distinct manual operations in order to release the lock on each crib leg. Each lock includes a rigid metal bracket which engages around the extensible part of the leg and is pivotally connected to a crib corner post. The bracket has a nose which projects into one of a series of openings in the extensible part of the leg then the bracket is swung against the leg part to prevent movement of the leg part relative to the post. The upper edge of the bracket is slotted to receive a latch pivotally connected to the corner post just above the bracket. The latch drops into the slot when the nose is engaged in one of the openings so that the bracket cannot be moved.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c3a | Bed safety side rail arrangement | A bed safety side rail arrangement which includes two opposite articulated side rail assemblies selectively pivotally movable from an upper safety position to a lowered position, as for patient transfer and handling and/or bedmaking tasks. The opposite side rail assemblies are readily removably secured to opposite sides of a bed, and desired structural rigidity is provided through the medium of tubular cross members or cross member assemblies which engage the side rail assemblies at their respective pivot connections.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c3b | Assembly for use in recreational activities | The assembly includes a longitudinal axis and opposite end surfaces transverse to the longitudinal axis. The container has a structure effective to receive both liquids and gas mediums therein and has valves for introducing and exhausting both liquid and gas mediums. An elongated frame structure has a plurality of parallel linear support members wherein each support member is laterally spaced with respect to any other lateral support member, and a separate end frame portion connected at each end of the support members to form an open structural configuration for receiving the collapsible container. The elongated container is fastened to the frame structure with the longitudinal axis thereof disposed substantially parallel to the linear support members and each of the end surfaces of the container being disposed adjacent an end frame portion to support the container within the frame structure during use. The container is attached to the frame structure with one of the linear support members extending longitudinally along one side of the container with the opposing side of the container being free of a support member. The assembly may be used as a pontoon when the container is inflated with a gas fluid medium and is employable in other uses such as a fresh water reservoir, a ballast, a sea anchor, a pitch and roll stabilizer and the like when the container is not inflated or holdls a liquid fluid medium.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c3c | Method of fabricating a slipper | A novel slipper and its method of fabrication is described. The slipper comprises a substantially flat sole member with die-cut bounding edges onto which is heat-sealed an overlying arc-shaped vamp. The novel method is characterized by pre-tacking vamps at predetermined locations to a sole web, and substantially simultaneously heat-sealing each vamp to a sole and die-cutting the bonded sole and vamp from the sole web.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c3d | Wheel spinning and vehicle conveying apparatus for automatic wheel       washers | An automobile conveyor for use in conjunction with a wheel spinning device for an automatic wheel washer including an endless chain having a plurality of selectively engageable dogs pivotally secured thereto. The dogs normally travel in a position to urge an auto through the washer whereat the outboard end is in close association with the chain and beneath the automobile first supporting surface. Operating means are included whereby when an automobile is in position at least one of the dogs will be automatically moved to a position where the dog extends above the automobile supporting surface, contacts a wheel, and urges the car through the washer apparatus. At the wheel spinning and washing station the chain is forced downwardly to a position whereat it passes beneath the mechanism necessary to perform the wheel spinning operation while still retaining the outboard end of the dog above the automobile supporting surface. The continual contact by the dog assures that the automobile moves through the washer apparatus in a continuous motion.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c3e | Mobile floor sweeper | A Mobile Floor Sweeper including a rotatable cylindrical brush mounted on a mobile chassis, lever means for raising and lowering said brush relative to the chassis with plate means pivotally mounted on the chassis adjacent the brush together with lever means connecting the plate means with the means for raising and lowering the brush whereby the plate means follows the brush as it is raised and lowered and means for adjustably positioning one end of the brush relative to the chassis.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c3f | Paintbrush and guard attachment for edging | A device for removable attachment to a paintbrush to assist in cutting-in one flat surface to another is disclosed. It is formed of flat metal sheet cut to a configuration having a central portion with a foot depending from one end thereof and a pair of bendable arms extending laterally therefrom. The arms can be bent to a plane normal to the plane of the central portion to engage the opposite sides of the handle of a paintbrush, and the foot portion acts as a guide and shield against unintentional smearing.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c40 | Rubber windshield wiper blades having increased flexibility at clamping       points | A rubber windshield wiper blade is clamped to rocker arms at several points along its length. The sides of the blade are formed with cavities at locations corresponding to the locations of the clamps so as to permit flexure of the blade without hindrance from the clamps.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c41 | Bottle insert for product container | Leaks are precluded in product containers with the bottle insert by structuring a rim thereon for establishing an inclined sealing interface. A diaphragm is structured within the bottle insert to provide either a cylindrical or a noncylindrical wipe over the particular type of applicator tip selected for use in the product container. Furthermore, provisions are incorporated within the bottle insert to block passage through the wiping diaphragm of misaligned comb type applicator tips and these provisions are made self-aligning for such tips with minor structural modification.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c42 | Floor cleaning machine | A floor cleaning machine constructed as a carriage equipped with a pole and having at least one motor-driven cleaning implement or tool rotating about a vertical axis and for wet cleaning the floor or the like. From a fresh water supply per unit of time there flows-out a regulatable quantity of fresh water to which there is added a cleaning agent, this mixture flowing-out at the region of the cleaning implement or tool. The machine works the floor or the like with the fresh water-cleaning agent mixture by means of the cleaning implement and the thus resulting soiled water is sucked-up from the floor and collected in a separate soiled water container. The fresh water container which supplies the fresh water is formed by part of the machine housing body, whereas the soiled water container is constituted by a separate, portable container which when assuming its working position is enclosed in the machine housing. This soiled water container is connected via a seal to the suction compartment of a suction blower and is protected from over filling by means of an automatically operating level limiting device. Further, means are provided to ensure that the water of the mixture of air and soiled water which enters the machine does not contact the suction blower and also prevent the splashing water of the soiled water container which may splash around during movement of the machine from entering the suction blower.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c43 | Machine for processing the backs of poultry | A machine designed to remove skin from the backs of poultry automatically and mechanically by conveying the back carcass members sequentially through a machine having processing stations operable in sequence to sever the kidney retaining membranes and remove the kidneys by vacuum; position the tail for mechanical maceration and removal by a set of coarse intermeshing rotating helical gear members; and, macerate and remove the skin from the back carcass member by a second set of intermeshing rotating helical gears of finer pitch than the first set, followed by the back carcass members, free of skin, are discharged to a collection receptacle.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c44 | Machine for removing skin from pieces of poultry | A poultry processing machine adapted to remove skin from certain parts of poultry, such as necks, thighs and breasts by arranging the same for passage along a substantially uniformly diminishing channel defined by the upper portions of a pair of rollers having spiral configurations thereon, guiding and feeding the pieces of poultry longitudinally along said channel, and the spiral configuration on the rolls engaging the skin on said pieces in a manner to pull the same therefrom in substantially intact condition from the pieces, and separately discharging the removed skins and pieces of poultry adjacent the exit end of the machine.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c45 | Hide pulling method and apparatus | The invention involves pulling the hide mechanically from beef carcasses, in a manner such as to avoid hide and carcass damage without resorting to electric stimulus, and without the need for trimming knife labor in removing the hide effectively and advantageously from the skull of the carcass.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c46 | Apparatus and method for forming staple fibers and feeding the same to a       picker | An apparatus and method wherein a tow of continuous filaments is fed to a tow cutter and severed into fibrous material of predetermined staple length while the fibrous material delivered from the tow cutter is fed to and through at least one textile picker. The fibrous material may be formed into laps at the picker for being subsequently processed through cards, or the fibrous material may be fed in loose fibrous form from the picker to a bank of cards. Means are provided for automatically controlling operation of the tow cutter and pickers and for controlling feeding of the fibrous material to the pickers.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c47 | Flexible container having valve with puncturing plunger | Wine or other beverage receptacle comprising a flexible container of sheet-like material having affixed thereto a valve which is capable of puncturing the sheet to provide an outlet, together with a rigid or semi-rigid support having an opening to receive and support the valve and to support the container and its contents in upright position for display and dispensing.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c48 | Adjustable strap | An adjustable strap comprising two pieces of relatively soft elastomeric elongated strips. The strips are interconnected, one strip having an opening through which the other strip passes. The strip having the opening has a longitudinal central elongated depression therein provided with a series of upstanding teeth; and the strip threaded through the opening is provided with an elongated series of upstanding teeth slanting in the opposite direction for engagement with the teeth in the depression at any desired point of adjustment along the strap, there being another connection between the two straps.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c49 | Toggle for use with rope | In the handling of bundled articles, for example, logs and timber, it has been known to use a large variety of knots and tethering devices with what are known in the logging industry as toggles. Prior known techniques and devices have caused excessive wear on ropes and have been time consuming in forming attachments, particularly in log booms. The present invention provides a one piece toggle having a plurality of rope receiving holes therein and contoured to permit rapid threading of ropes for cables and reducing wear on the ropes or cables to a minimum.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c4a | Coupling device | For releasably interconnecting a first member and a second member such as, for example, a neck band or strap having a depending chain or the like and a musical instrument such as a saxophone there is provided a coupling device comprising a housing to which the chain is connected, opposed closure members being mounted within the housing with adjacent end portions of the closure members being resiliently urged by the inherent resiliency of the closure members towards a closed condition in which the saxophone is connectible thereto. A manually operable actuating member is mounted on the housing and is movable between a first position in which a portion of the actuating member which is of frusto-conical form, permits the adjacent end portions of the closure members to attain the closed condition, and a second position in which the frusto-conical portion of the actuating member urges the closure members to an open condition of the above-mentioned adjacent end portions thereof against the influence of the resilient urging of the closure members.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c4b | Snap-shackle | There is disclosed a snap-shackle with a body having an interior cavity and first and second openings into the cavity, a hinge member being rotatably attached to the body to rotatably mate with and engage the second opening into the cavity. A latch member is pivotally attached to the body within the cavity and within the second opening, a portion of the latch member being exposed in the first opening through which opening the latch member is pivoted between a first pivotal position for engaging and locking the hinge member in the second opening to form a third opening between the hinge member and the body for receiving and coupling objects to the body and a second pivotal position for unlocking and releasing the hinge member to rotate and release the objects coupled thereby.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c4c | Combination tension and slub catching device | A combination slub catcher and tension control apparatus for use in the processing of yarn wherein a plurality of narrow parallel blades are supported at one side transversely to the path of travel of the yarn and a single rigid bar supported at the other side longitudinally of the path of the yarn. The confronting surfaces of the transversely and longitudinally supported blades and the bar define a narrow yarn passage. The transversely supported blades are supported in a holder in which they are individually yieldable to the passage of enlargements in the yarn and the longitudinally supported bar is supported on an eccentric for pivotal movement about an axis parallel to the transverse blades and for adjustment toward or from the transverse blades to adjust the width of the yarn passage. A tension lever is mounted on the upper end of the bar above the pivot axis for biasing the bar relative to the blades.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c4d | Devices for threading filaments on rollers | Filament processing apparatus embodying the combination of one or more rotatable rollers for conveying a filament or a plurality of filaments axially spaced on said roller(s) and looped at least partially about the respective roller surfaces, and a tubular roller-threading device which is a longitudinally slotted tube having at least a curvate portion adjacent the respective roller(s). The filament, preferably either knotted at its feed end or attached to a plug at its feed end, is drawn through the tubular roller-threading device by a fluid stream applied at a single or axially spaced points into the tube. The longitudinal slot of the tube allows the fluid-conveyed filament to be drawn out of the tube when the filament is placed in tension, e.g., after it has been fed around the respective rollers, and processing thereof is ready to begin.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c4e | Method of replacing the transfer cores of yarn packages with resilient       replacement cores | A method for transferring a package of yarn supported by a transfer core to a replacement core including the steps of inserting the replacement core into the transfer core, removing the transfer core relative to the package of yarn and the replacement core, holding the package of yarn during withdrawal of the transfer core, and permitting the yarn and replacement core to interengage in completing the transfer of the yarn onto the replacement core. There is also provision for the steps of compressing the resilient core to reduce its size, compressing the package of yarn, and anchoring the replacement core against axial displacement.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c4f | Cylindrical surface finishing device | Burnishing tools are constructed for operating on internal and external cylindrical surfaces of substantial length to produce a compacted finished surface thereon. The burnishing tool has a mandrel with a truncated conical surface on which truncated conical rollers rotate as the tool is driven in rotation relative to the workpiece. By axially moving the mandrel and cage relative to each other the contraction and expansion of the rollers occurs. The rollers are retracted when the workpiece is to be removed therefrom or applied thereto and are expanded under a predetermined pressure into engagement with the workpiece for producing the burnishing operation under substantial pressure. The machine herein illustrated is self-contained having a pulley driven in rotation by an adjacently supported motor for rotating the burnishing tool while permitting the expansion and retraction of the rollers.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c50 | Tool for fabricating diode array | A method for fabricating a semiconductor diode array, utilizing an alignment tool to precisely position a plurality of diodes so that they can be bonded into a precision array. The alignment tool and a method for fabricating the tool are also disclosed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c51 | Method and machine for loading and assembling film cartridges | The invention is directed to a method of and machine for loading a scroll of film and take-up spool into a cartridge and assembling and sealing the cartridge. It includes the steps of supplying a web of film and backing paper to a scrolling mechanism and winding the webs into a scroll. A single guide track guides and assists in advancing the webs of film and backing paper to a winding spindle. Severing mechanisms are located along the guide track to cut the webs into the desired lengths. The winding spindle is engaged by the webs for scrolling within a socket on a first transport carrier. When scrolling is complete the spindle is withdrawn and the scroll is retained in the socket. An ultrasonic securing device is used to secure a free end of the scroll to a take-up spool carried in another socket of the carrier. A transfer mechanism then transfers the spool and scroll from the first carrier into the chambers of a waiting cartridge bottom carried on a further transport carrier device which transports the loaded cartridge bottom to a station where the cartridge cover is placed on the bottom portion. An ultrasonic welding mechanism then seals the cover to the bottom completing the cartridge.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c52 | Fastener feed apparatus and method | A fastener feed assembly for a tool such as a power screwdriver having a drive member such as a rotatable bit includes a base fixed to the tool and a nose assembly slidably related to the base. The nose assembly includes a workpiece engaging surface, and when the tool is moved toward the workpiece during a fastener driving operation, the base moves toward the nose assembly. A return spring separates the base and nose assembly when the tool is withdrawn away from the workpiece. A strip of fasteners is fed from a magazine along a feed path through the nose assembly with sequential fasteners located in a drive position. Normally the drive member is spaced from a fastener in the drive position. During movement of the tool toward the workpiece in a driving operation, the drive member moves into engagement with a fastener in the drive position, and then continues to move in order to drive the fastener into the workpiece. A pawl is engageable with the strip in order to advance the strip along the feed path. During the driving operation, a feed mechanism operates in response to movement of the base toward the nose assembly to cock the pawl by moving it away from its home position along the strip away from the drive position. A lost motion arrangement delays cocking of the pawl until after secure engagement of the drive member with a fastener in the drive position. In response to withdrawal of the tool from the workpiece, the feed mechanism returns the pawl to its home position to feed an adjacent fastener of the strip to the drive position. Feed movement of the pawl is delayed until withdrawal of the drive member from the strip feed path. The strip includes a carrier with structure deformed during the drive operation for preventing reverse movement of the strip during cocking of the pawl.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c53 | Method of forming a tube fitting assembly | The method of forming a tube fitting assembly is disclosed in a fitting having a first bore through a portion of the fitting and a second bore larger than the first bore and concentric with and through a portion of the first bore. A tubing having a diameter substantially equal to the first bore is engaged against an inside surface of the fitting defined by the end of the first bore. Relative movement between the fitting and the tube deforms the tubing wall to engage the first and second bores and to form an annular bead of the tubing wall outside of the fitting assembly. The bead is swaged into engagement with an outside surface of the fitting surrounding the second bore. The foregoing is merely a resume of one general application, is not a complete discussion of all principles of operation or applications, and is not to be construed as a limitation on the scope of the claimed subject matter.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c54 | Methods of and/or apparatus for joining timber members | A method and apparatus for end jointing timber members such as floor or ceiling joists by means of spiked timber connector plates, using apparatus incorporating equipment to position and hold the timber and automatically feed connector plates from cassettes or magazines holding a supply of connector plates onto magnetized pressing platens which then rotate to position the connector plates to span the joint to be made before passing the spikes into the relevant timber members.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c55 | Junction field effect transistor | A junction field effect transistor having a "V" shaped upper gate, dividing said planar source and drain regions, formed by etching a (100) crystal oriented semiconductor material of one conductivity type and diffusing with material of opposite conductivity type.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c56 | Heavy machine tool and device for depositing and placing a tool head in       readiness for use | A heavy machine tool, especially drilling and milling machine, which has a head stock with a supporting sleeve therein for receiving a boring spindle and a pull rod operable chucking device for chucking a tool head, and which also includes a device for depositing tool heads and placing the same in readiness for use. The housing for the tool head has on its outside a circular groove located at the side of the head stock in a plane which is located perpendicular to the axis of the boring spindle while within the range of movement of the tool head there is provided at least one device for depositing a tool and placing the same in readiness for use which last mentioned device includes a vertically arranged deposit plate the upper edge of which corresponds in shape to the shape of the arc of the annular groove and has a thickness corresponding to the width of said groove and upon which the tool head is adapted to be deposited by means of said annular groove, said range of movement of the respective tool head being determined by the displacement of said head stock, of said supporting sleeve, and/or the respective tool head.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c57 | Machine tool with guard cover apparatus | A machine tool includes an automatic tool change device for changing a tool between a tool change position on a tool storage magazine and a spindle by a tool change arm. A pair of guard covers are arranged between the tool change position and the spindle to be pivoted in a horizontal plane. A drive means is provided for normally maintaining the guard covers closed and for opening the guard covers to permit a tool change operation.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c58 | Method for manufacturing compact thermoelectric modules | A manufacturing method of thermoelectric modules having slight internal resistance comprising very thin plates of P type and of N type stacked alternately and connection bridges between each plate of P type and the neighbouring plates of N type. The method is characterized in that after cutting out of the plates of P and N type an alternate sequence of plates of P type and of N type is formed by assembling plates, and by inserting, between two plates, insulating sheets every other one of which extends beyond the upper face of the assembly, the others extending beyond the lower face and then by immersion of the lower and upper faces in brazing material.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c59 | Method and apparatus for selective burnout trimming of integrated       circuit units | Supplementary metallized connection parts short-circuiting or connecting incremental sub-components of one or more circuit elements of an integrated circuit are laid down on the semiconductor slice at the same time as the usual metallized connection pattern is made. The components associated with the incremental sub-components are measured to determine the program of adjustment and selective burnout of the supplementary connections. The selective burnout is carried out by applying a sequence of pulses to the segments to be burned out under monitoring by a measuring circuit, which blocks the delivery of further pulses, either immediately or after one or a few more pulses, when the measuring circuit detects the opening of the connection. The process is preferably carried out on integrated circuits before the semiconductor slice on which they are made is separated into individual circuit units. The pulses are applied in sequences in which individual pulses or series of pulses have increasing amplitude and/or pulse duration and/or pulse frequency.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c5a | Method for manufacturing integrated circuits | Providing a first set of conductive zones on each of these portions of a substrate where electrical contacts are to be made, after having suitably doped said substrate with semiconductive material, Providing a selective insulating layer, so that the upper portions of said conductive zones be flush with the surface of said selective insulating layer, and Providing thereabove a second set of conductive zones adapted to constitute intended connections between said upper portions. A method for manufacturing integrated circuits, said method comprising the steps of: Said method can be applied to the manufacture of MOS transistors.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c5b | Process for attaching a lead member to a semiconductor device | A thermally and electrically conductive metal lead member is joined to the refractory metal contact member of a semiconductor device using a brazing alloy comprising on a weight basis about 80-89 percent copper, about 5-15 percent silver, and about 4-6 percent phosphorus. The contact member/semiconductor joint may be formed in an inert atmosphere at the same time and at the same temperature as the contact member/lead member joint.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c5c | Assembly of wiring harness | The method and apparatus includes the use of at least one pallet, an assembly line, a projector means, and an electrical testing means. Assembly of the wiring harnesses takes place on the pallets which are either independently powered or move on a powered conveyor line. In either alternative, the pallets move along a non-synchronous, power and free assembly line. An overhead projector means is provided above selected work stations to project instructions and diagrams on the pallet. Electrical testing means are used to test the wiring harnesses during assembly, prior to completion of assembly, and to control movement of the pallet to the next work station. The method includes testing partially assembled components for electrical opens, shorts and incorrectly assembled components on the pallet at intermediate stages of assembly and passing the partially assembled components to the next stage of assembly only when the components have been shown to be correctly assembled.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c5d | Substrate connectors | The invention concerns connectors having an elongate spring body of elastomer or formed as a tubular spring about which a single layer wire coil is wound. The coil turns are separated by cutting the coil longitudinally of the body to define discrete conductive paths of C-shape extending round part of the circumferential profile of the body. Exposed surface portions of the wires present contact points in a row along the body. Each C-shaped turn may present a pair of diametrically opposite contacts. The coil may be wound about a former disposed beside the spring body so that on cutting the turn portions at the former leads to the individual C-shaped turn portions extend freely from the spring body.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c5e | Ring lock knife | The knife has a slotted handle and a blade that pivots into and out of the slot of the handle. A free floating pivot pin extends through the slotted end of the handle and through the opening of the tang of the blade, and a slotted ring lock extends about the pivot pin. The ring lock is rotatable on the handle so that its slot is movable into and out of alignment with the slot of the handle, to lock the blade with respect to the handle. The periphery of the tang defines hemispherical indentations, and a spring-urged ball in the handle engages the tang and registers with the indentations so that the blade resists movement when in its folded or extended positions but is free to move when intermediate the end positions.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c5f | Stable power ring tool | A portable power tool having an annular ring tool, such as a saw blade or grinding wheel, driven on its periphery by a power unit. A ring tool housing carries the ring tool and is mounted to the power unit, the latter having a drive shaft roller which frictionally engages one surface of the ring tool. Ring tool guide bearings and ring tool support bearings oppose and cooperate with the drive roller to retain the ring tool within the housing during its rotation. The driven shaft axis is canted at an angle extending beyond the center of the ring tool or toward the working side of the ring tool to counteract the torque forces produced by the working operation. Means are also provided to vary the drive roller pressure on the ring tool to balance the torque or, alternatively, to vary the drive shaft axis angle to balance the torque thereby producing dynamic stability during the working operation regardless of work piece resistance.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c60 | Reinforced orthodontic bracket | A reinforced orthodontic bracket constructed of a translucent plastic for direct application to a patient's tooth as by an adhesive where the translucent bracket itself has a metallic reinforcement imbedded therein for added structural strength for the prevention of a displacement of the bracket because of forces applied by an arch wire attached thereto.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c61 | Dental articulator | A dental articulator comprises a pair of upper and lower brackets for upper and lower artificial dentures, respectively, with a support between the two brackets. The upper bracket is pivotally interconnected to the support for vertical swinging movement of the upper bracket relative to the occlusal plane of the articulator. The support and the lower bracket are slidably interconnected for relative movement in a forward and rearward direction parallel to the occlusal plane and perpendicular to the axis of vertical swinging of the upper bracket. The support and lower bracket can also have limited relative rotational movement in a plane parallel to the occlusal plane. A plate is insertable and removable in the articulator in inverted positions, so that in one position the upper surface of the plate lies in the occlusal plane and in the inverted position the under surface of the plate lies in the occlusal plane.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c62 | Drawing apparatus | Drawing apparatus adapted for attachment to a drawing board and comprising a carriage supported for travel on the upper edge of the drawing board and carrying a depending rail which extends parallel to the lateral edges of the drawing board. A ruler-carrier head is slidably mounted on the rail. A linkage assembly constituted by two interconnected articulated parallel parallelogram linkages is connected by means of the short arm of one of the linkages to the carriage and by means of the short arm of the other of the linkages to the rear surface of the drawing board.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c63 | Drafting machine | A drafting machine in which parallel support rails moveably support a rule or straight edge extending perpendicularly therebetween so the rule is moveable in parallelism with itself. The rule has a replaceable graduated working edge and carries an endless band which is parallel to the working edge and which has groups of graduations distributed therealong which can be brought into selective registration with the graduations on the working edge. The graduations on the endless band form reducing scales. The rule is profiled and slidably receivable in the profiled rail is an auxiliary instrument which may, conveniently, have a part pivotally mounted thereon for movement in a plane parallel to the work area over which the rule is moveable. The auxiliary instrument is also tiltable away from the working area to expose the working edge of the rule.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c64 | Apparatus for sizing a door to fit a selected doorway | The method of the invention includes the steps of positioning a support member having a substantially vertically extending recording surface thereon in the doorway for which the door is being sized, recording the contour of each side door jamb of the doorway on the recording surface by transposing the contour with a tracer mechanism having a follower adapted to be advanced along each side door jamb and a marker for recording on the surface information corresponding to the contour of the side door jamb, placing the recorded information in a cutting apparatus having means for controlling a cutter device in correspondence with the recorded information so that the cutter device is advanced along each side of the door member to cut the sides of the door to match the contours of the associated side door jambs. The apparatus of the invention consists of a vertically extending support member having a sheet of material extended vertically therealong, a centering assembly for positioning the support along the central vertical axis of the door opening, and a tracer mechanism movable along the support member and having followers adapted to engage the side door jambs whereby markers on the tracer mechanism will mark lines on the sheet of material as the tracer mechanism is advanced along the support member with the lines corresponding in contour to that of the associated side door jamb. The support member also includes adjustable means for comparing the head door jamb with horizontal.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c65 | Sighting means of a firearm | The rear sight of a firearm has a peephole device formed by a hollow tube, each of the two ends of which are closed by a peephole. Each peephole has a central orifice therein. The orifice of the peephole of the rear side has a larger diameter than the orifice of the peephole on the front sight side. Each peephole is pivotally mounted and cooperates with an elastic member which holds the peephole in its tube-opening or tube-closing position. In a further embodiment, two peepholes are provided at each end of the tube.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c66 | Electronic azimuth transfer method and system | A system including a highly accurate electronic navigator mounted on a vele and the method of using same. Azimuth or position data from the navigator is repeated by a gyro in a remote head on the vehicle slaved by torque and signal cables to the navigator. If the gyro torque cables are opened, the remote head may be removed from the vehicle and mounted on some other body. The azimuth or position data of the body can then easily be determined from the position of the remote head relative to the navigator references. In particular, the invention is envisioned as usable in laying missiles or guns with the navigator and remote head being carried by a jeep or the like.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c67 | Ultraviolet curing machine | This invention relates to a conveyor for transporting sheets of material through an ultraviolet exposing chamber for curing and setting of a coat. Up to this time, the drying of solvent ink has involved considerable pollution problems, a fair consumption of natural gas and large and costly ovens with high temperature incineration systems. These problems have generally been brought about by long ovens wherein the metal sheet has been passed through once or twice in order to accomplish curing or drying.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c68 | Drying apparatus | Apparatus for drying a travelling web, particularly a paper web. A hot air delivery structure is mounted adjacent the periphery of a steam heated cylinder to direct jets of hot air against travelling web supported on the cylinder. At least part of hot air delivery structure is moveable transversely of the cylinder periphery and the jets of hot air produce a surface effect to hold air delivery structure away from engagement with the web. Movement of hot air delivery structure is preferably achieved by flexure of that structure.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c69 | Nail polish dryer | A nail polish dryer to effect rapid drying of polish on fingernails or toenails and includes a base and a hood defining a drying space with an access opening for insertion of the portion of a person having nails to be dried. The base has walls therein defining an air passage through the base. An air moving fan positioned in the air passage is operative to move air around a heater and through an exit defined by one or more apertures in a top wall of the base. The heated air moves toward a rib or flow director extending from a hood in spaced relation to the apertures and operating to direct heated air onto polish on the nails of a user. The fan and heater is controlled by electric circuitry including a switch that is in circuit making position when engaged by the portion of a person extending into the drying space.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c6a | Question and answer game | A game, primarily designed for preschool children, which includes a game board having a plurality of apertures located in the game board. Selected ones of the apertures have a first type of upstanding peg located within the aperture and the others of the apertures have a second type of upstanding peg within the aperture; the first pegs are longer, but the pegs and apertures are arranged to disguise the difference between the longer and shorter pegs. A card, or similar substrate, with questions on the top thereof can be disposed over the game board and this card or substrate will have a plurality of apertures therein capable of being aligned with certain of the apertures in the game board to provide multiple choice answers. A probe, or stylus, may be inserted in the apertures of the card and into the apertures of the game board. In the event that the player of the game inserts the stylus or probe into an aperture of the game board having the longer peg, the player will have selected an aperture corresponding to a correct answer. This peg of the first type is located to be inserted into the stylus to actuate a display member on the stylus such that the player of the game will recognize the selection of a proper answer in the multiple choice possibilities. In this way, visual and mechanical means are provided on the stylus or probe to indicate the correct answer. Moreover, the playing board is designed and the cards are designed with respect to the playing board so that a number of different cards with different questions and possibilities of answers are located at different positions on the cards.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c6b | Clog | A clog which comprises a body provided adjacent to one end with a first pair of through holes extending in parallel to each other and to the longitudinal axis of said body on the opposite sides of said axis in close proximity to the latter and adjacent to the other end with a second pair of through holes in proximity to the opposite side edges of said body at an angle with respect to said longitudinal axis; and a pair of identical pliable synthetic resin thongs of an ecliptical configuration in cross-section each having one end extending through one of said first pair of holes and the other end extending through one of said second pair of holes, the extensions at the opposite ends of said pair of thongs fused together to form lumps on the under surface of said clog body to prevent the thongs from separating from the clog body.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c6c | Chain tensioning mechanism for scraper elevator device | A tensioning mechanism for the chain of a scraper elevator device that includes a pair of pivotally interconnected lever arms which support guide rollers. The lever arms are movable by an adjuster link in a scissors fashion for maintaining tension on the chain.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c6d | Mechanical excavating machines including rotary cutter and suction tube | A mechanical hole digging machine comprising a rotary cutting tool and a suction tube having an inlet opening adjacent to the cutting tool, a suction device for applying suction to the tube remote from the inlet opening to cause material cut away by the cutting tool to be sucked inwards through the inlet opening, the cutting tool and part at least of the suction tube being carried on a mounting by which they are movable upwards and downwards. An electromagnetic metal detector comprising three coils is mounted near the cutter head and adapted in use to give an indication of the presence of buried metal service pipe during a hole digging operation.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c6e | Steam iron soleplate construction | A steam iron soleplate, generator, and distributor subassembly of a thin soleplate with a coverplate spaced from and supported on the soleplate by spaced peripheral rib means to define a steam distributing passage therebetween. The coverplate is integrally attached to the soleplate by a continuous weld between the ribs and soleplate and steam generating means are provided in the upper surface of the cover-plate separate and spaced from the soleplate and ducted below to the steam passage means. A heat generating element forms an integral part of the coverplate for heat transfer to the soleplate through the ribs primarily by conduction. Both the method of assembly and the subassembly itself are disclosed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c6f | Desk calendar | A desk calendar which permits the day, date and year to be changed by the simple manipulation of two dials, having, internally, a first and second shaft, each shaft controlling two rotatable drums. Each shaft has disposed thereon a first and second actuating member for operative engagement with a coupling device such that when the dialing member is turned in one direction the first drum will rotate and when the dial member is turned in the opposite direction the second drum will rotate. The same structure is related to the second shaft which is disposed on the other end of the frame having a separate dialing member associated therewith.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c70 | Signboard assembly | A signboard construction including four frame members which support a plurality of signboard members capable of receiving indicia on either side thereof. The frame members and the signboard members are all formed from aluminum extrusions. Each of the signboard members has a principal vertically extending structure, an upper structure which forms a groove, and three pairs of mounting ribs, the lower two pairs of ribs being mounted on intermediate spaced apart portions of the principal structure and the upper pair of mounting ribs being mounted on the groove forming structure. The lower edge of one signboard member can be received within the groove forming structure of another signboard member and in this manner a plurality of signboard members can be assembled together. The ends of the top, bottom, and end frame members are cut at 45 degree angles and are secured to each other by corner angles. Each of the frame members includes an inner portion provided with a first channel of relatively large width capable of receiving a pair of mounting ribs and a second channel disposed in the middle of the first channel, the second channel having a relatively small width capable of receiving the lower edge of the principal structure of a signboard member. When the parts are assembled together the first channel of the top frame member receives the top pair of mounting ribs of the top signboard member, and the second channel of the bottom frame member receives the lower edge of the bottom signboard member.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c71 | Anchor and adjustable tie-line for floatable decoys | An anchor and a slidably adjustably carried tie-line for a floatable decoy duck or the like comprising a generally elongated non-rustable metal body preferably wider at one end than at the other, a continuous passageway for said tie-line extending from and returning to one end of and partially through said body, said passageway having an open side for at least a portion of its length, an elastic member carried by said body and overlying the open side of said passageway and forcibly engaging said tie-line, whereby to resist free travel of said tie-line so that the required useable length of said tie-line beyond said anchor may be desirably determined for anchoring the decoy for limited movement when floating and for unit storage with said tie-line under tension on said decoy ready for re-use.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c72 | Bait molding device | A bait molding device for forming and securing moldable bait material such as bread dough about a fishhook. A mold is formed of two cup shaped mold sections which are secured to pliers-like devices for opening and closing of the mold sections. The molds are of an elongate configuration to accommodate an entire fishhook and moldable bait material surrounding the fishhook within the mold sections. One of the mold sections includes a groove through one of the edges of the mold to permit the fishing line attached to the hook to pass through the mold when closed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c73 | Outrigger fishing line release clip | An outrigger clip for use in releasably securing a fishing line to the run-out line on an outrigger pole, the clip being constructed to reduce or eliminate fouling of the fishing line. The body and clip release arm are constructed so that the clip, when in use, will have a tendency to hang from the outrigger line instead of twisting, which causes fouling of the fishing line. The clip body itself is smooth about the edges so that any contact with a fishing line caused by slack or the like will prevent or prohibit snagging or fouling of the fishing line about the clip body itself. The clip includes a fishing line release arm with an adjustable tensioning means and an outrigger attaching wire disposed through the clip body at such a position to place the center of gravity of the body away from the attaching wire and the outrigger line.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c74 | Toy for knot tying | A long loop of tubular textile material stuffed with fiber, foam or a cotton rope passes through a cushion body, so as to form a handle at the top and dangling legs at the bottom. The bottom of the cushion is straight and the remainder of the edge is a curve from the summit of which the handle protrudes. Features of a face and hands are provided on the front of the cushion. A pocket on the back, open to the top, is large enough for inserting the end portion of the dangling legs, and thereby giving the toy an attractive rest position. The toy thus has some aspects of a fanciful stuffed animal type doll, a handbag and a cushion, but it is designed to induce its child possessor to use the dangling legs for practice in tying knots.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c75 | Airfoil rotor for a toy helicopter | A toy helicopter rotor comprises a hub with rotor blades radiating therefrom. The hub comprises upper and lower hub parts having formations which releasably lock the parts together upon relative turning therebetween. Each blade has a root which is received in a complementary recess in the lower hub part and is trapped by the upper part, whereby the blades are secured to the hub. Projections on the blade roots retain the blades against radial, lateral and torsional movement and prevent them flying out of the hub in use.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c76 | Coupling member for a toy vehicle drive system | A coupling member for a toy vehicle drive system that may be employed in various play situations. The coupling member is generally comprised of an exaggerated triangularly-shaped portion and a funnel-shaped portion. The exaggerated triangularly-shaped portion allows the toy vehicle to be driven forward and backward, and also allows it to complete a U-turn and to be disengaged from the drive chain of the drive system. The funnel-shaped portion ensures that the toy vehicle may be engaged by the driven chain when the child desires to drive the toy vehicle in its forward direction.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c77 | Hanging apparatus for falls and hanging plant | A hanging apparatus for falls and hanging plant which includes a pair of liquid receptacles which are supported in respective top and bottom positions with the top liquid receptacle being substantially directly above the bottom receptacle. The top liquid receptacle is capable of dropping liquid from a plurality of locations to the bottom liquid receptacle, and the bottom liquid receptacle is positioned for and is capable of receiving the falling liquid so as to enable a multiple falls effect. At least one other receptacle is capable of supporting a hanging type plant. This plant receptacle is positioned above the bottom liquid receptacle, and the plant receptacle has a periphery which is different from the outside envelope of the falling liquid so that the hanging plant will not interfere with the falling liquid.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c78 | Plant growth system | This invention relates to a method and apparatus for growing plant life under controlled conditions including gas discharge lamps with electronic means utilized to provide predetermined pulses of electric current to the lamps so that bursts of radiant energy are supplied to the plant life, these bursts of energy being of a duration in the order of microseconds and at a periodicity that is favorable to the plant growing processes. The radiant energy supplied to the plant life is within the spectral range required for photosynthesis and is uniform to the photoreceptors of the plant life.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c79 | Window construction | A window construction comprising vertically slidable and tiltable sash members having means for positively maintaining the tiltable sash in a partially-tilted position.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c7a | Window regulators for motor vehicles | This window regulator of the parallel-motion type comprises two parallel links with a front run channel rigid with a curved guider rail reproducing the movements of the glass-supporting bottom channel, a rolling member rigid with said bottom channel engaging said guide rail, one of said links being pivoted to a fixed pin of said bottom channel and to a pivot pin carried by a fixed plate supporting the control mechanism, the other link being rigid with a rotary member coupled to said mechanism and pivoted by means of another rolling member to the bottom channel and also to a pin rigid with said plate, this window regulator being intended more particularly for curved quarter-light windows of motor vehicles.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c7b | Access door | An access door assembly provides a removable covering for an access opening in a wall panel. The assembly includes clip members frictionally mounted to the wall panel at spaced locations around the periphery of the access opening. A door overlies the opening and is dimensioned to cover the clip members as well as the opening. Spring-clip fastening elements releasably secure the door to the clip members and hold the door in position over the opening in the wall panel.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c7c | Window regulator, especially for automobiles, with a threaded cable       moving in a guide | The invention relates to a window regulator, especially for automobiles, in which the window is connected to a drive by a cable which can move axially in a tubular guide, a portion of this guide being parallel to the window travel and an adjacent portion being shaped in an arc, whereby the path of a catch connected to the cable and serving for connection with the window is not restricted solely to the portion of the tubular guide extending parallel to the window travel but also extends at least partly into the region of the arc, and whereby the connection between the catch and the window comprises a slide-guide extending transversely to the window path.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c7d | Shot control valves | A valve member for abrasive blasting machine in which the valve member is formed of a valve plate of magnetic material sandwiched between plates of larger dimension than the magnetic plate but of lesser dimension that the passage through which the abrasive material passes from the supply source to the blasting wheel whereby the annular space between the valve member and the inner walls of the passage becomes filled with abrasive material attracted to the valve member in closed position to close the passage.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c7e | Universal vertical grinding machine | A universal vertical grinding machine has a horizontal base supporting at least one workpiece carrier device. A vertical column centered on the base provides an axis of rotation for at least one collar rotatably mounted with reference to the column and provided with at least one head comprising a grinder-carrier spindle supporting a grinder adjacent the workpiece carrier device. Suitable arrangements are provided for effecting an axial sliding of the collar along the column in a reciprocating manner, and to independently rotate the collar about the column. Advantageously, there are two collars mounted for rotation about the column, with the collars being rotated in opposite directions.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c7f | Sharpener for twist drills | A sharpener having a clam-shell housing in which a motor is mounted for driving a grinding wheel disposed adjacent one end of the housing, a chuck which holds either twist drills or a diamond dresser, the chuck being indexable 180.degree. about its axis, and structure for mounting the chuck relative to the grinding wheel so that either the twist drill can be moved in a prescribed manner across the grinding periphery of the grinding wheel, or so that the diamond dresser can be moved across the grinding wheel in order to dress the wheel to a form suitable for sharpening twist drills or the like, and also means for moving the twist drills or the like or diamond dresser towards the grinding wheel.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c80 | Device for mounting specimens | Device for mounting specimens for the purpose of lapping, grinding and polishing metallographic specimens for microscopic analyses, comprising a rotatable polishing wheel with a number of specimen holders disposed thereabove, a driving roller centrally located with respect to the wheel and at least one supporting roller for each specimen holder, the rollers having wedge grooves engaged by peripheral edge portions of the specimen holders, and adjustable pressing members in the specimen holders for exerting pressure on the specimens and for maintaining proper frictional contact between the wedge grooves and the peripheral edge portions which constitute a frictional drive.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c81 | Plastic covered building structures | A plastic covered building structure comprised of a metal frame supporting superimposed layers of plastic sheets having an inflated area between the sheets providing insulation to the interior of the structure. The superimposed plastic sheets are secured to the frame by means of longitudinally extending rails having longitudinally extending upwardly concave portions and complementary clamping rods adapted to secure the edges of the superimposed plastic sheets between the rods and the upwardly concave portions of the rail. The rails are adapted to receive clamping members at any point along the length of the rails to clamp the rods into the upwardly concave portions.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c82 | Mobile home resilient frost heave compensators | A frost heave compensator for mobile homes and the like generally supported on a steel frame disposed below floor level, which steel frame is in turn supported on concrete or other relatively shallow footings. Each mobile home is provided with a plurality of longitudinally spaced resiliently compensating tiedowns disposed transversely across the top thereof and extending vertically downwardly on opposite sides thereof.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c83 | Swimming pool | An in-ground swimming pool, includes rigid planar ends, a pair of parallel inwardly-extending curved flanges on each said end, the sides and bottom being a sheet of flexible springy sheet material, capable of transportation in rolled form, the edges of said sheet being engaged between said flanges and a highly-compressed gasket of resilient material between said sheet and the inner flange of each said pair.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c84 | Structural unit body having a pipe incorporated therein | A plurality of structural unit bodies are utilized to construct a structure by suitably assembling the unit bodies. Each structural unit body comprises an outer flange and an inner flange extending from one end edge and the other end edge respectively of a box-shaped frame. A stuffed box is secured to the surface of the inner flange and the stuffed box is in the form of a flat box made of a dampproof material. The stuffed box is covered on the outside with a metal net-like material and has disposed therein a pipe capable of passing fluid therethrough. The box is stuffed with noncombustible materials. The upper portion of the middle section of the frame, the inside flange surface and the entire surface of the stuffed box is plastered or covered with mortar whereby there is formed a circumferential groove between the outer flange and the underside of the mortar.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c85 | Reinforced concrete construction | There are disclosed methods of splicing reinforcement across joints of pre-cast reinforced concrete sub-slabs for integrating such sub-slabs to define the underside layer of composite concrete continuously reinforced slabs formed without separate formwork other than shoring for the sub-slabs to define continuously reinforced spans and two-way flat plates, sub-slabs for use therein, joints formed thereby and building structures formed thereby.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c86 | Braced girder of triangular section | A braced girder for steel-reinforced concrete construction, comprising a top chord connection to two bottom chords by a continuous lacing which forms a repeating pattern consisting of braces which are at least roughly perpendicular to the top chord, and of diagonal braces. At least two braces in the continuous lacing are perpendicular to the chord and follow each other consecutively. The girder has a triangular cross section. Where the two panel planes meet, the lacing forms a radius which is at least 0.4 times the diameter of the top chord. A method and apparatus for preparing such a girder are also disclosed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c87 | Packaging assembly and process | The invention disclosed is directed to a packaging assembly including a body having an open channel for supporting a trough-shaped web having a product disposed therein; a cover cooperable with the body and the web to form a substantially air-tight chamber about the product, at least one of the body and the cover having a hole for aid in vacuumizing the chamber; means for moving the body and cover into and out of chamber-forming relation; and means operable within the chamber for sealing the web to form a sealed web package containing the product. A process for packaging is also disclosed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c88 | Method and apparatus for transferring yarn packages doffed from a       textile machine to a container | The present invention relates to a method and apparatus for transferring yarn packages doffed from a textile machine provided with a conveyer belt disposed along the longitudinal direction thereof, to a container. The yarn packages are carried to one end of the conveyer and then dropped into the container positioned at a receiving position below and next to the end of the conveyer. The dropping distance from the end portion of the carrying surface of the conveyer to the surface for receiving yarn packages in the container is always maintained at a substantially predetermined distance which is larger than the width L of one package, but smaller than the width of two packages.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c89 | Packaging machine | An apparatus for packaging bread or the like into flexible bags, employing articulated scoops which are arranged to enter into the bag interior, engage the bag wall surfaces, and enable passage of product into the bag through the scoops. Pusher arm assemblies are employed to urge the continuous forward travel of product. A sensing device i.e. photo-electric cell, is employed to detect the absence of packaging bags and cause activation of a fresh supply of bags into the packaging station.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c8a | Apparatus for closing and sealing containers with a lid | An apparatus for closing and sealing filled containers with a lid includes instrumentalities for positioning an individual lid beneath a sealing die which has an underside. The lid is temporarily held and finally joined to a container under the influence of heat and pressure. Suction is used to hold the lid against the underside of the die while it is being joined to the container. A plurality of protuberances are disposed at the underside of the sealing die. Each of the protuberances has an oblique surface. Each oblique surface has a point lying nearest a sealing surface defining an area of the underside, the area thus defined being substantially equal to that of the lid. Each lid can be consequently positioned correctly on a container and becomes fused therewith.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c8b | Harvesting device in particular for an ensilaging machine | The device comprises at least one gatherer having two dividers and two advancing devices in the dividers for advancing severed stalks which have been severed by a cutting mechanism. Each advancing device comprises a front shaft and a rear shaft, the front shafts being parallel and upwardly and forwardly inclined and each carrying a rotary cutter adjacent the lower end of the shaft, a chain sprocket wheel and a rotary member fixed to the shaft adjacent the upper end of the shaft. An endless chain of each advancing device extends around the corresponding sprocket wheel. The rotary cutters are contained in the same plane and rotate in opposite directions. The rotary members co-operate with each other for seizing successive stalks before the stalks are severed and directing the stalks in a passageway defined by the dividers.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c8c | Melon harvester | An apparatus for picking up melons lying on the ground, comprising: a frame; wheels supporting the frame; an upwardly and rearwardly sloping concave ramp carried by the frame and up which the melons are adapted to be rolled, the front end of the ramp being substantially at ground level; a melon pickup mechanism for rolling the melons up the ramp, comprising laterally spaced, coaxial tires mounted on the frame above the ramp for rotation about a transverse horizontal axis, the tires being above ground level and being engageable with melons on the ground ahead of the ramp to start the melons rolling rearwardly before they engage the front end of the ramp; a drive on the frame for driving the tires in a direction to cause them to roll the melons toward the front end of and up the ramp; and a transverse melon receiving conveyor at the rear end of the ramp.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c8d | Method and apparatus for influencing the ambient conditions during       open-end spinning | A method and apparatus for influencing the ambient or surrounding conditions during open-end spinning, wherein the fibers are delivered to a spinning rotor or turbine by means of a conveying air stream and then spun into a yarn in such spinning rotor. The invention contemplates cooling the spinning rotor by providing a simultaneously flowing stream of cooling air which is separate from the conveying air stream. The apparatus aspects of this development contemplate disposing the side of the spinning rotor not impinged by the fiber material-conveying air stream in a compartment having inflow- and outflow openings for the cooling air stream. The outflow opening is operatively connected in flow communication with an air conveying device.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c8e | Recovery of filling yarns in a fabric woven on a double pick needle loom | Filling yarns are removed from a fabric woven on a double pick needle loom and then packaged on a revolving bobbin for subsequent re-use by interposing a ring and ring traveler through which traveler the yarn is led from the fabric to the bobbin package with a traverse of the yarn parallel to the axis of the bobbin, the traveler serving to compensate for the uneven flow rate of the filling yarn from the woven fabric.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c8f | Alarm clock timer | An alarm vibrator control mechanism for a clock timer wherein an elongated lever extends along the lower portion of the timer for releasing an alarm vibrator at a preset time. The elongated lever is controlled by a selector shaft mechanism which is positioned at one side of the timer, a centrally located 12 hour alarm time gear and a disc cam which is connected to a units shaft at the other side of the timer. The 12 hour alarm time gear tilts the vibrator shutoff lever forwardly a few minutes before the alarm time and then the disc cam moves a right side portion of the elongated lever downwardly at the alarm time to release the elongated alarm shutoff lever from a notch which is formed in a base plate.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c90 | Digital cooking timer means having concentric time indicator disc and       manual readout indicator | A digital cooking hours timer for providing an automatic cooking operation of a cooking apparatus for a selected time period and having a frame provided with a timer unit and a drive mechanism for driving the timer unit. A selector is carried by the frame to set a selected period of cooking time of the timer unit and is adapted to interconnect the drive mechanism with the timer unit so as to cause the drive mechanism to drive the timer unit for only the set period of cooking time, the timer unit having an output for operating the cooking apparatus at least part of the set period of cooking time as the set period of cooking time is elapsing.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c91 | Alarm clock timer | An alarm vibrator control mechanism for a clock timer wherein an elongated lever extends along the lower portion of the timer for releasing an alarm vibrator at a preset time. The elongated lever is controlled by a selector shaft mechanism which is positioned at one side of the timer, a centrally located 12 hour alarm time gear and a disc cam which is connected to a units shaft at the other side of the timer. The 12 hour alarm time gear tilts the vibrator shutoff lever forwardly a few minutes before the alarm time and then the disc cam moves a right side portion of the elongated lever downwardly at the alarm time to release the elongated alarm shutoff lever from a notch which is formed in a base plate to sound the alarm. A repeat alarm lever cooperates with a tab of the elongated lever to automatically shut off the alarm for a short time interval.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c92 | Slip wheel structure of a watch movement | A slip wheel arrangement of a watch movement in which a center wheel is provided with an integral arbor which, in turn is formed with a double-tapered portion. For a slip-on coupling of a cannon pinion with the arbor, the pinion is formed with an integral tubular portion which includes a middle resilient part and a thickened end part, and is provided with at least one inwardly projecting projection on the resilient part. The leading portion of the bore of the tubular portion has a diameter larger than the sum of a largest diameter measured at the forward part of the arbor from the double-tapered part, plus the coupling idle gap measured thereat, with the inward projection being positioned within the area of the leading portion.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c93 | Means for developing friction in clock setting shaft | A clock "friction" for use in clocks having plastic gear wheels which permits manual setting of the hands but in which a reliable level of frictional torque is obtained without requiring use of any auxiliary parts. The centerwheel of the clock has an interference fit with respect to the center, or minute hand, shaft upon which it is telescoped, and the minute hand shaft is formed with an annular groove lying generally in the plane of the centerwheel into which the plastic relaxes and flows for maintaining the centerwheel in a desired axial position. The minute hand shaft has a setting knob, and means are provided for precluding axial shifting of the center shaft, by pushing or pulling, which might result in stripping of the plastic in the groove.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c94 | Parking meter | A parking meter which electrically indicates "remaining time" and which electrically operates only in the presence of a vehicle and when there is "paid-for" time on the meter. Thus, for example, unused time by one departing motorist is cancelled.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c95 | Bracelet primarily for a watch | A bracelet primarily for a watch incorporates at least one link which can be disconnected from a neighbouring link to allow a unit to be added to or removed from the bracelet to alter its length. The unit consists of a link and a pivot element which is pivotally attached by one end to one end of the link and the other end of which has a pair of pivot projections for attachment to another link, e.g. of a similar unit. The said one link has at one end a pair of sockets facing opposite sides of the bracelet and these sockets have slots at their sides remote from said one end to enable the said pair of pivot projections on the pivot element of the unit to be engaged in and disengaged from the sockets. The said one link has a release member pivoted to it for movement into and out of a position in which a portion of the link blocks the slots to prevent disengagement of the pivot projections from the sockets.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c96 | Fuel control system for gas turbine engine | A fuel control system for a gas turbine engine includes a metering device having a sleeve which is movable to vary fuel flow to the engine. A stop cooperates with the sleeve to define a minimum fuel flow. The stop is movable between a first, normal running position and a second, engine starting position, the second position corresponding to a smaller minimum flow through the metering arrangement.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c97 | Helicopter power plant control | A control system for a helicopter power plant with three power units driving the lifting rotor system through a main gearbox. Each power unit comprises a gas turbine engine of the gas-coupled type, a hydromechanical fuel control receiving electrical inputs to set a gas generator governor in the fuel control, an engine electronic control, and various engine accessories. The operation of the power plant is normally controlled by the pilot through condition levers and switches on a control quadrant, through a pitch control by which the collective pitch of the rotor blades is controlled, and through a master beeper switch which is operable to trim the setting of an isochronous governor for the rotor system and the gas generator governors. The condition lever of each engine transmits a speed command signal through the electronic control of each power unit to its gas generator governor. A signal of collective pitch transmitted from the rotor control system to each engine electronic control is another factor in setting the governor. The power plant includes a power management control, the principal function of which is to equalize the power outputs of the engines. It also includes the rotor isochronous governor. The power management control receives inputs of rotor system speed command and actual rotor speed and of the torques of the individual engines and transmits a governor trim signal to increase or decrease engine power to the several electronic controls. All signals are transmitted electrically between the rotor system, control panel, power management control, and engine electronic controls. Excessive engine torque during rotor startup is avoided.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c98 | Fluid flow control system | In a turbine powered generating system the rate of fuel flow for auxiliary firing of a steam turbine is automatically controlled to control the generation of steam for the turbine in accordance with turbine operating parameters and system power demands. Fuel flow rates are controlled within program selected limits to minimize stresses on the steam turbine, thus increasing the performance and life expectancy of the turbine.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c99 | Combustion liner air valve | A combustion liner suitable for an automotive gas turbine has variable primary and secondary air admission ports through the wall of the liner. The areas of these sets of ports are varied jointly by two annular valve sleeve assemblies reciprocable on the surface of the liner. Each valve sleeve assembly comprises an outer rigid ring, four approximately quarter-cylindrical valve plates extending around the outer surface of the liner within the ring and coupled to the ring for reciprocation by it, and a leaf spring disposed between the ring and each valve plate to hold the valve plate in contact with the liner.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c9a | Lean prechamber outflow combustor with two sets of primary air entrances | A combustion apparatus for gas turbine engines particularly adapted to reduce emissions to meet automotive requirements. The fuel is laid on the wall of a cylindrical prechamber and evaporated from the wall by combustion air which is introduced through a swirler at the upstream end of the prechamber. The inner surface of the prechamber is artificially roughened by a grid of grooves to improve fuel evaporation. The fuel is laid on the wall from an annular manifold extending around the upstream end of the prechamber through tangential orifices leading from the manifold into the interior of the prechamber. The fuel manifold is cooled and shielded from heat by an air jacket. More air enters through entrance ports distributed around the prechamber toward its downstream end. The resulting lean fuel-air mixture is delivered past an annular flow dam at the outlet of the prechamber into a combustion or reaction zone which is abruptly enlarged from the prechamber. The structure causes turbulent flow, recirculation, and good mixing in the reaction zone. A dilution zone downstream of the reaction zone has a circumferential array of dilution air ports which are of such shape as to be varied nonlinearly in area by a sliding ring valve. The sliding ring valve is coupled to a second sliding ring valve which varies the area of the air entrance ports in the prechamber in reverse sense to the dilution air ports. A pilot fuel nozzle to aid in cold starts is mounted at the upstream end of the prechamber.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c9b | Turbofan engine with augmented combustion chamber using vorbix principle | A mixed flow turbofan engine in which a portion of the core engine exhaust gases are passed into a pilot zone chamber where fuel is added thereto for vaporization therewith and wherein the fan air is passed over a series of vortex generators so that the vortex flow fan air and the vaporized fuel mixture will mix and combust rapidly in an augmentation combustion chamber.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c9c | Nuclear power plant | A nuclear power plant includes a steam generator supplied via an input inlet with feed water heated by reactor coolant to generate steam, the steam being conducted to a steam engine having a high pressure stage to which the steam is supplied, and which exhausts the steam through a reheater to a low pressure stage. The reheater is a heat exchanger requiring a supply of hot fluid. To avoid the extra load that would be placed on the steam generator by using a portion of its steam output as such heating fluid, a portion of the water in the steam generator is removed and passed through the reheater, this water having received at least adequate heating in the steam generator to make the reheater effective, but not at the time of its removal being in a boiling condition.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c9d | Method and arrangement for controlling the position of an underground       manhole assembly | A method and arrangement for preventing an underground manhole assembly from moving upwards in response to a change in soil conditions beneath the assembly are disclosed herein. For example, in the event the soil directly beneath the assembly includes substantial moisture and in the event this moisture freezes, the latter expands against the base of the assembly and in many cases pushes the assembly in an upward direction. The method and arrangement disclosed herein eliminates this upward movement by the utilization of a pressurized fluid barrier which is maintained between the manhole assembly and the soil directly beneath the assembly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c9e | Reinforced concrete pile and a method of manufacturing such a pile | In a concrete pile the axially running bars of the reinforcing structure are attached to an end collar of the pile by threaded connectors screwed into the collar and each enclosing the threaded end of a reinforcing bar.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7c9f | Dynamic ballast and stabilization system | The invention concerns dynamic ballast and stabilization systems for deep-sea applications such as the dynamic anchoring and stabilizing of off-shore platform structures supported by an elongated structure of the type having the lower ends fastened into the floor of a body of water. The system employs a relatively large impellor assembly which generates a downward vertical thrust of sufficient magnitude as to maintain the platform anchored. The structure is designed to absorb shock and movement within a prescribed range to cushion and protect operating equipment. The impellor is enclosed in a movable slinger which can control the lateral direction of the impellor generated thrust such that lateral displacement of the structure is counteracted by the underwater reactive force generated by the impellor. This system includes means for converting the flow of seawater into usable power for driving the system.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca0 | Storage vessel for liquefied gas | A storage vessel for liquefied gas, especially liquefied helium and liquefied hydrogen intended to be stored at temperatures below about 30.degree.K, comprises inner and outer shells respectively at the liquefied-gas temperature and an ambient temperature, a radiation shield disposed between but spaced from the inner and outer shells and cooled by nitrogen or the like to a temperature between the storage temperature and ambient (preferably of the order of 70.degree.K), a filling of a particulate insulating material between the radiation shield and the inner shell, and a filling composed of a mixture of such insulating particles and reflective metal particles between the outer shell and the radiation shield. The spaces between the inner and outer shells, respectively, and the radiation shield are evacuated and the insulating material is preferably perlite. The metal particles may be aluminum or copper.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca1 | Ice cube tray | A pair of diametrically opposed protuberances, comprising inwardly projecting bumps, extend from the otherwise smooth surface of opposite corners of adjoining side walls of the generally cubical pockets in an ice cube tray. These protruberances, define stress concentration areas at the corners of the frozen cubes which, when the plastic tray is twisted to release the cubes therefrom, cause the cubes to fracture and alter their configuration to the extent that they are prevented, either because of their enlarged outward dimensions or because of ice particles that have flaked therefrom and are in an interferring position, from being reseated in the tray in the as-molded position. Thus, each cube remains elevated from its original position with the side walls of each cube spaced somewhat from the side walls of the mold for relatively easy individual removal.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca2 | Ice transport system | A conduit structure for use in an ice transport system consisting of a plurality of individual conduit members, the adjacent ends of which are interconnected by conduit couplings, the conduit structure being of the one-piece uniform cross-section construction and including an intermediate section and first and second opposite end sections which are of a relatively linear configuration, the conduit structure further including first and second relatively arcuate sections interposed one between the first end section and the intermediate section and the other interposed between the intermediate section and the second end section, whereby the conduit structure can be severed within the intermediate section thereof to provide two separate conduit parts, each having a non-linear intermediate section and relatively linear opposed end sections adapted for operative association with the conduit couplings.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca3 | Axially-displaceable and angularly-movable universal coupling | A universal coupling which is axially displaceable and angular movable, in which the torque is transmitted by three rolling parts evenly distributed about the circumference. The three rolling parts are connected to the inner part of the coupling in a rotatable and radially-movable manner. The three rolling parts also project into grooves. The displacement of the rolling parts required during an angular movement is carried out with the aid of a spring-derived force. The rolling parts, furthermore, have a cylindrical pin located in a radial bore of the inner part of the coupling, and the rolling parts are pushed radially outward by a force pushing on the inner end of the cylindrical pin.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca4 | Compensating and equalizing coupling for transmission of large torques,       such as between the gear and the propellor of a ship | The coupling has two annular flanges respectively secured to driving and driven shafts and spaced apart axially. A hollow shaft is interposed between the flanges, and is connected to these flanges through holding elements extending axially from the flanges on the outside as well as inside of the shaft and being connected to the hollow shaft through individual rubber elements whereby a holding element on the outside is radially aligned with a holding element on the inside with two radially tensioned rubber elements inbetween, one on the inside and one on the outside. The holding elements as connected to one flange are on their axial other end interconnected by an annulus, two annuli facing each other in pairs and about the (axial) center of the hollow shaft but leaving a gap between.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca5 | Ice dispenser container coupling | A self-aligning shaft coupling in which an open coil, helical spring is carried by a flanged disc on a driven shaft for releasable coupling within a housing mounted on a driving shaft wherein the shaft may be in axial or offset misalignment. The housing has a cylindrical internal peripheral surface closed at its rearward end by a face having a plurality of axially extending radially spaced lugs integrally formed thereon, any one of said lugs providing the sole coupling spring driving means. The spring has identical end-turned portions each of which are square with the spring axis and terminate in inwardly directed radial tangs so as to engage a slot in the driven disc and one of the lugs of the driving housing respectively, to provide a flexible torsional shaft coupling that is readily separable.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca6 | Universal joint | A universal joint is disclosed for rotationally coupling a pair of shafts, comprising identical yoke members having paired diametrically opposed axially extending arms telescoped into overlapped but circumferentially spaced relation, and coupling block means interposed between the arms and providing pivotal driving connection therebetween through stub shafts fixedly carried by the block means, the stub shafts projecting into bearing sleeves removably retained in apertures in the arms of the yoke members to permit articulation of the yoke arms relative to the stub shafts of the coupling block in transmitting rotary motion from one yoke member to the other.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca7 | Torque limiting coupling | A safety coupling which provides positive torque transfer and which disengages above a disengagement torque. The safety coupling comprises two coupling halves which are engaged to restrict axial movement. Some rollers restricted by a first coupling half are urged into recesses in a stop face associated with a second coupling half by a biasing mechanism enabling positive transfer of torque. However, disengagement of the coupling halves is permitted by a relative axial movement of the rollers and the stop face when the bias is overcome, the rollers being free to roll on fixed axes.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca8 | Circular knitting machine | To permit selective needle projection, under control of a patterning arrangement, the needle jacks are made for rocking movement about an axis transverse to the direction of needle projection during knitting, and the camming system for the needle jacks is formed with two tracks, located one above the other (by a deeper cut, or camming elements of different heights) or, longitudinally staggered, one adjacent to the other, the cam tracks being arranged for selected projection of the needles to tuck or knit position; the needle jacks having either a butt projecting far enough to selectively engage either of the superimposed cam tracks, depending on the extent of rocking of the needle jack about the fulcrum, or the needle jack being formed with two butts, one on either side of the fulcrum, and selectively engaging the adjacent cam tracks, depending on the direction of rocking of the jack from a center position. The jack is retained in selected position with respect to the guide groove by a springy projection, laterally offset, and engaging a groove in the guide slot to prevent spurious rocking of the jack and escape from its controlled position. To control the needle jacks, selector jacks with respectively high and low break-out butts can be provided.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ca9 | Compound needle for circular knitting machine | Compound knitting needles are operatively mounted in a circular knitting machine and coact with a special simplified cam system. Each of the compound needles has a butt-free hook part and a latch. The latch has a first butt and is shiftable relative to the hook part and the hook part has an abutment which drives the tongue part. A lifting element is articulated to the hook part. The lifting element has a second butt and is radially movable by selecting members between an operative and inoperative position. When the lifting element is in the operative position it moves the hook part articulated thereto in accordance with the cam system of the circular knitting machine.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7caa | Self balancing table | In a circular knitting machine, a self-balancing, circular bobbin table which has formed therein a circular groove within which a plurality of balls freely roll to dynamically balance the table as it is rotated during the knitting operations.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cab | Plating feeders | A plating feeder for use in a circular knitting machine comprises a first mouth for supplying a first yarn, and a second mouth for supplying a second yarn and which is movable relative to the first and second mouths together to alter the angle between the yarns fed by the plating feeder during knitting. The first mouth is provided on an elongate first feeder part and the second mouth is provided on a second feeder part slidable lengthwise on the first feeder part. A biasing spring urges the first and second mouths together and a cam follower coacts with the movable mouth and engages with a cam to override the spring. The first mouth is in a form of a narrow aperture for defining a single yarn feed position for a facing yarn and the second mouth is in a form of a trough at least partly surrounding the first mouth for defining alternative, interconnected yarn feed positions for a backing yarn on either side of the first mouth.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cac | Knitted fabric with a laid in metal chain | Knitted material having chains interlaid between double-knitted loops and knitted in any conventional fashion to form a pattern. Preferably the chainsupporting loops are knitted by rib stitches with wales formed in a series of 1 .times. 1 ribs alternatively constituting the front and back stitches. The courses may include plain stitches with the two loops of the rib stitches disposed at the junction between the rib stitches and the plain stitches being linked to a loop of the plain stitches on the adjacent course.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cad | Locking apparatus for a gasoline filler pipe | The apparatus of this invention is designed to be employed in combination with a vehicle, the vehicle including therein a gasoline filler pipe, the filler pipe being normally closed by a gasoline cap. The apparatus of this invention relates to a separate locking apparatus which interfits over the gasoline cap of the vehicle, the locking apparatus including a key actuated locking mechanism which locks shut the apparatus housing and access to the gasoline cap is prevented.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cae | Lock and support device for fuel tank | A lock and support device for fuel tanks holding acetylene gas and the like. The lock and support device includes an outlet cap, a locking bar, and an intermediate lock connecting ring that is connected between the outlet cap and the locking bar. The outlet cap screws over the outlet of the valve that is permanently attached to the top of the fuel tank in order to connect the lock and support device to the fuel tank and to cover the valve outlet. The locking bar may be used as a handle and as a means to prevent removing the outlet cap. The lock connecting ring is used as a means to support the tank in an upright position, and as a connection means for locking the tank to a fixed object.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7caf | Espagnolette lock | An espagnolette lock having an actuating nut which is rotatably supported in a lock box and in a lock box cover, which includes a rectangular through-aperture for receiving a rectangular arbor, and a slot formed in one side of the nut body of the nut for receiving the key bit of a cipher key. A sleeve is fastened to the lock box cover, which is adapted to extend into a circular aperture formed in the door or the like, and in which the sleeve is provided with guide slots and/or projections for receiving and securely fastening different types of actuating members or fittings for the lock, and their respective guide and covering sleeves.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb0 | Lock cylinder cover with key engagement release | A lock cylinder cover arrangement including a spring detent secured at one end thereof to the underside of a cover base or escutcheon, wherein the spring detent has a stop surface and a cam surface formed adjacent the other end thereof, the stop surface serving to hold open a cover pivotally mounted on the escutcheon, and the cam surface serving to be cammed downwardly toward the lock cylinder by an edge of the key-head to thereby release the stop surface from the cover and permit the latter to be biased closed upon withdrawal of the key from the lock cylinder.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb1 | Straightening machine | A machine is provided to straighten both the stem and the head of flanged stem workpieces such as poppet valves by rolling the stem of the workpiece between a rotary die and an arcuate stationary die. The flange of the workpiece being larger than the stem overlaps the rotary second die to have a first path of a contact portion of the flange. A straightening roller is journalled for orbiting movement on a rotary straightening member and the straightening roller has a contact area movable in a second path intersecting the first path to engage the flange and bend the workpiece cyclically. This bending effects a straightening of such flange. The above description is merely one form of the invention and is not to be construed as limiting on the scope of the invention.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb2 | Die assembly | A pair of cooperating die members are disposed in a housing and arranged to slidably move along respective intersecting axes so that a forming portion of one of the die members is caused to progressively approach the nest portion of the other die member along an incline terminating at the nose portion of the housing, the nest portion of the one die member being arranged to support a preferably U-shaped deformable terminal, the arms of which are then caused to be contacted by the forming portion of the other die member and longitudinally progressively folded inwardly against one or more articles located within the terminal.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb3 | Mill for plugging tubes and taking them off plug | A mill is disclosed, said mill comprising a plug head for plugging tubes, one pulling device adapted to draw a tube with a plug through the plug head, a gear for taking tubes off the plug mounted in the rear portion of the pulling device and composed of power cylinders secured on the pulling device at an acute angle to a plane passing through guides of the pulling device with the rods of the power cylinders carrying jaws for gripping the tube being plugged, the jaws being attached to the rods, and two pockets wherein the tubes and plugs are placed after the tubes have been taken off the plugs. The invention is intended for providing a mill featuring an improved production rate with the ensuing augmentation of the production of a drawing mill, and having smaller overall dimensions.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb4 | Rolling mill | Rolling mill for high production capacity and large bundle weights using one furnace followed by a roughing line and with separate intermediate- and finish-roll lines for each roll line.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb5 | Die system for can body press | The disclosed ironing ring improvement increases ironing life by use of a conical surface of intermediate taper between the conical lead-in surface and the cylindrical land surface of the ironing ring, particularly for purposes of making drawn and ironed metal can bodies at high speeds.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb6 | Combustion testing apparatus | 1. Field of the Invention This invention relates to testers for determining combustibility of materials. More particularly, this invention relates to devices using an injection needle, etc., to periodically blow a fine flame onto a test piece for a definite period of time, with a predetermined non-exposure period between flame exposure periods. The operation is repeated to determine the number of cycles required until the test piece begins to burn, to determine whether the test piece catches fire after being subjected to the flame for a predetermined number of cycles, or to inspect combustibility by dividing the time of residual combustion after a number, e.g., five of successive cycles of, e.g., three seconds of flame exposure and, e.g., three seconds down time by the volume lost during the operation. 2. Description of the Prior Art Various flame tests, particularly the last above-noted test, are conducted by hand. In this case, however, human error is unavoidable and results in very poor precision. For example, if the flame was successively applied five times for three seconds each time, i.e., a total of 15 seconds, the error accumulated through human inaccuracy may result in actual flame contact time of as little as 13 seconds or as long as 18 seconds. The flame exposure period commences after the flame of the burner is brought into contact with the test piece. However, certain materials are easily affected or melted by the flame before it is actually brought to the predetermined position and wide variations in test results are obtained when testing these materials. It is an object of the instant invention to provide a new and improved combustion testing system which minimizes error and is automated. It is a further object of the subject invention to provide an improved combustion testing system that will produce accurate results even when easily combustible material is being tested. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An automatic combustion tester is disclosed. A burner is provided and is movable by a moving means between a first position adjacent a rigidly supported test piece and a second position. The burner is connected by a first conduit to a lateral tube which is, in turn, connected to a gas bomb by a coupling means. A flame timer is used for controlling the time during which a test piece is exposed to flames from the burner during a cycle. A down-time timer is provided for controlling the time during which the flame is removed from the test piece during a cycle. A heat shield is provided along with means for moving the heat shield between a position intermediate the test piece and the adjacent bunsen burner and a position removed therefrom. First and second microswitches are positioned to contact the conduit when the burner reaches its first and second positions. The first switch controls the heat shield and the second switch is coupled to a counter means for deactivating the system after a predetermined number of cycles of operation.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb7 | Device for continuous temperature measurement of dew point of flue gases | A device for continuous temperature measurement of the dew point of flue gases, in which the signal of the sensitive unit, carrying information on the appearance of a condensate film on the condensation surface of the dew point temperature transmitter, is applied simultaneously to the regulator of the heating element and the regulator of the cooling element. Both of these are included in the condensation surface temperature control unit, wherein temperature control of the condensation surface is attained by the heating and cooling means operating simultaneously. The transmitter is provided with heating and cooling means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb8 | Viscosity detection apparatus and method | Apparatus and method applicable to liquid chromatography for continuously detecting the viscosity of the effluent from an analysis column of a chromatograph system. The effluent is forced through a tubular path in a flow resistance element, which may contain a packing material to increase the amount of energy dissipated in the flow resistance element. The temperature of the effluent is sensed before and after passage through the path. A signal is generated which is a function of the difference between the value of temperature which is sensed before and after traversal of the effluent through the tubular path. From these measurements, the viscosity of the effluent may be computed as a function of the observed temperature change.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cb9 | Self-operating machine for dry test of hollow bodies of the heat       exchanger type and the like | The machine comprises a rotary table supporting similar working stations. Each station supports a reference heat exchanger and a heat exchanger to be tested. The operations related to a simultaneous supply of compressed gas in the two exchangers, isolation of said exhangers, control of their residual pressure, etc... are controlled during a complete rotation of the table from fixed annular segments placed concentrically to the table and read by brushes supported by bars related to each working station.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cba | Container and leak-testing system therefor | A system for testing opening-equipped containers for leakage during the entire period, which is usually relatively long, between the time that such containers are fabricated by the manufacturer thereof and the time that they are filled by the user with the product intended therefor. The system includes a testing method, a particular test closure or cap and structural relationship thereof with a container opening, and apparatus for establishing a pressure differential between the interior and exterior of any container under test. In the practice of such system, a pressure differential is established between the interior and exterior of the container, such as by vacuumizing the container interior; seating a closure cap of particular character against surfaces of the container in covering relation with the opening thereof, and sealingly relating the closure cap to the container and thereafter maintaining the sealing relationship therebetween using, in each instance, only the pressure differential as the seating and sealing force; transporting the sealed container from its place of fabrication to the place of use, either directly or with intermediate storage periods; and before the container is to be filled with a product, testing the tightness of the closure cap against the container as an index of the presence or loss of the pressure differential.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cbb | Viscosimeter | Viscosimeter comprising a flow system for the liquid to be tested, having a narrow zone, zones for determining the pressure of the liquid to be tested located before and after the narrow zone, said zones for determining the pressure of the liquid to be tested being surrounded by tubes of a thin-walled material adapted to transfer the pressure of the liquid within the tubes to pressure transduction liquids outside each of the tubes, each of said pressure transduction liquids being in contact with one of two pressure chambers of a pressure difference recording means in such a manner that the pressures of the liquid to be tested at both sides of the narrow zone are transferred to said pressure chambers.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cbc | Piston assembly | A transfer compressor for transmitting pressure from one fluid to another comprising a cylinder, a piston slidable within the cylinder, a space within the cylinder at each end of the piston, means for admitting fluid to each of the spaces, a tell-tale rod mounted on one end of the piston passing slidably and sealingly through an end of the cylinder, one end of the piston presenting a different area presented by the other end of the piston to the fluid in contact with said other end whereby the pressure exerted on the fluid at one end of the piston may be different from the pressure existing in the fluid at the other end of the piston.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cbd | Inside diameter, outside diameter and wall tube gage | An ultrasonic apparatus and technique for rapidly and accurately measuring the inside and outside diameters and wall thickness of a tubular material. The tubes are passed between a pair of diametrically opposed ultrasonic transducers for obtaining the necessary data. A third transducer is employed to obtain a reference signal, which is used to automatically compensate for any temperature variations in the ultrasound couplant medium.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cbe | Method and means for measuring acoustic emissions | The detection of acoustic emissions emanating from an object is achieved with a capacitive transducer coupled to the object. The capacitive transducer is charged and then allowed to discharge with the rate of discharge being monitored. Oscillations in the rate of discharge about the normally exponential discharge curve for the capacitive transducer indicate the presence of acoustic emissions.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cbf | Cigarette ends firmness detector | A device for detecting the degree of firmness of cigarette ends comprising a rotating drum moving laterally one after the other to a position to be tested, yieldable feeler means with indicator means positioned according to the firmness of a cigarette end being tested and transducer means for providing a signal depending upon the position of the indicator means. The foregoing can be combined with pneumatic means for testing for integrity of the wrappers of cigarettes.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc0 | Water-washable inspection penetrant employing mineral solvent and a       fatty acid solubility promoter | Water-washable inspection penetrant compositions which avoid the use of conventional solubilizing detergents. The penetrants comprise an oil vehicle containing a dissolved indicator dye and a fatty acid ingredient dissolved to a concentration within the range of from about 2% to about 25%. The fatty acid ingredient acts as a solubility promoter to permit the penetrant composition to be removed from test surfaces by a spray-wash of water.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc1 | Maximum mileage indicator for vehicle | A maximum mileage indicator comprises a pressure gauging mechanism including the Bourdon gauge having a pointer for indicating the vacuum in an intake manifold and a speed metering mechanism including an indicator disc or cam board rotated by an angle determined by the vehicle speed, the pointer of the pressure gauging mechanism and the indicator disc or cam board being so arranged as to provide information on whether or not the vehicle is being drived under the maximum mileage condition for the desired vehicle speed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc2 | Horsepower computing network for chassis dynamometers | A vehicle chassis dynamometer for measuring available vehicle road horsepower is disclosed together with means for compensating an apparent dynamometer horsepower reading for dynamometer vehicle rolling resistance, and vehicle drive line losses, and adjusting for ambient barometric pressure, temperature, and fuel specific gravity to obtain an accurate reading of engine flywheel horsepower that may be used directly for comparison with engine manufactures SAE rated horsepower.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc3 | Wind tunnel model engine plume simulator with internal mass flow | A solid missile body for testing in a wind tunnel with a solid body engine lume simulator having a passageway therethrough to simulate aspiration of the air mass at the juncture between the missile body and the engine plume.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc4 | Fluid measuring device | The invention relates to a device for measuring the quantity of a flow of fluid from fluid storage means such as liquefied gas. The device comprises a capacitor partially immersed in the stored fluid which includes a chamber being partially filled with the fluid. As fluid is drained from the capacitor, the timing and variations in capacitance are measured which is used to calculate quantity of flow.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc5 | Electrically scanned pressure transducer configurations | A plurality of individual pressure transducers are mounted or fabricated within a common housing. Each pressure transducer is associated with a separate and distinct pressure port and can be subjected to a different one of a plurality of pressure sensitive locations to be monitored. The pressure transducers can be electrically scanned by means of a scanning device such as a shift register or counter so their individual outputs can be monitored and recorded.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc6 | Quick release gauge fitting | A fitting is associated with a closed fluid system for allowing testing by means of a probe, meanwhile insuring the system is maintained in a closed condition. Such fitting has a resilient rubber member one side of which is exposed to the fluid in the system, and the other side of which is exposed to outside the system. The rubber member defines a passage from one side to the other which is held closed by the rubber member mounting means, which compress the rubber member to so close the passage. A testing probe may be pushed into and through this passage, to be exposed to the fluid in the system. The resilient member is in sealing contact with the probe when it is so introduced, and upon removal of the probe, the passage again closes, insuring that the system is continuously in a closed condition.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc7 | Method and apparatus for obtaining a representative sample of fluid       flowing through a conduit | A flow restriction is placed in the pipeline through which the fluid to be sampled flows to provide a pressure drop that is proportional to the rate of flow of the fluid in the line. A sample bottle is connected to the line through a sample conduit that also contains a flow restriction to cause a pressure drop in the fluid flowing to the sample bottle. A variable flow restriction in the sample line downstream of the first flow restriction is adjusted to maintain the pressure drop across the flow restriction in the sample line proportional to the pressure drop across the flow restriction in the pipeline so that fluid flows into the sample bottle at a rate that is proportional to the rate of flow of fluid in the pipeline.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc8 | Motion converter | A motion converter device capable of converting continuous rotary input motion to cyclic linear motion and capable of accomplishing the reversal thereof from cyclic linear motion to continuous rotary motion including means for substantially smoothly obtaining the conversion. The unit includes a set of gear trains having gears of a selected shape and which gear trains are intermeshed from either a single rotary shaft or a plurality of linked output shafts which interwork to convert the rotary motion of the single shaft to oscillatory or linear motion of the output shafts or will, in the reverse of this procedure, convert a linear input to the plurality of shafts to rotary motion of the single shaft.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cc9 | Laminated drive arms for speed reducer | Drive arm of a speed reducer is provided with an aperture capable of carrying a various number of clutch means. Removable separates are provided between the arms having apertures corresponding at least in part with the arm apertures, thus, different sized clutches can be employed depending on the amount of torque to be transferred.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cca | Endless power transmission belt structure and method of making same | An endless power transmission belt structure and method of making same comprised of a plurality of thermoplastic elastomeric layers with each layer having properties which are different from properties of an adjoining layer and each layer being particularly suited for the location and arrangement thereof in the belt structure.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ccb | Power transmission belt, reinforcement and process | A power transmission belt with a tensile section including spirally wound cord bundles of preferably multiple strands of heat shrinkable staple fibers adhesively bonded to each other with portions of the fibers heat shrunk from a slackened to a partially tensioned condition.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ccc | Casing for shafts and cables | A conductor or casing for shafts and cables, comprising a plastic tubular member having over a portion of its length a plurality of convolutions to permit bending and longitudinal compression and extension without substantial reduction in the internal diameter.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ccd | Steering wheel assembly | A steering wheel assembly in which a hub is mounted at one end of a steering shaft and is connected to a rim by a plurality of spokes. A cover is mounted over the spokes and is formed by a base layer and a coated surface layer of a resilient material. The free end of a bent portion of the cover is disposed adjacent to an outer edge portion of the hub.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cce | Differential housing cover | A differential housing cover for attachment to a standard differential housing having a pair of compression bolts threadably coupled thereto extending within the differential housing; the compression bolts each having a swivel cap in contact with the carrier cap of the differential system for prevention of rear-end failures because of carrier cap breakage.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ccf | Power transmission apparatus | A power transmission apparatus is disclosed in which a power output shaft is connected to both a manual input means and a power input means. Means are provided to automatically disengage the power input upon actuation of the manual input. Alternative embodiments disclose means to prevent rotation of the manual input handle during engagement of the power input means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd0 | Constant oil level control for transmission sump | A power shift transmission having a fluid pressure control system having an intake screen and level control located centrally in the bottom of the sump and a pump and regulator valve supplying pressure to the shift control system and to a sump oil level control. The sump oil level control has a small float controlling a relay valve to control an oil level control valve connecting an elevated oil reservoir for gravity feed to fill the sump and pressure return to the reservoir to dump the sump. When the transmission input and pump is not driven, there is no pressure in the chambers at opposite ends of the differential land area level valve and balanced springs hold the level valve in a central closed position blocking flow to and from the reservoir, to the sump and from the pressure line so the oil level control is inoperative. When the transmission input is driven, a small flow of line pressure is supplied through an inlet restriction to each chamber. When the oil level is low, a miniature float provides a small force to close the miniature relay valve closing a restricted exhaust from the chamber at the larger area land so equal pressures in the chambers act on the differential land area to move the level valve to the fill position closing the supply pressure port and providing a full flow connection from the reservoir for gravity feed at a low volume rate of flow to the sump. When the oil level is high the float permits the pressure to open the relay valve and the restricted exhaust reduces the pressure in the larger area chamber to move the level valve to dump position closing the sump port and connecting a restricted supply pressure branch to the reservoir so the transmission pump delivers fluid at the same low volume rate of flow from the sump to the reservoir to reduce the oil level. In a modification a level indicating thermistor controls a solenoid controlled relay valve similarly controlling the oil level valve.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd1 | Multi-shell limited slip differential | A self-loading limited slip differential is disclosed including at least two concentric layers of pairs of generally semi-spherical shells for applying friction torque bias to the driven shafts via the side and planetary gears of the differential gearing assembly. The shells of one layer are rotatably mounted on the planetary pinion shafts, respectively, and the shells of the other layer are non-rotatably connected with the driven shafts, respectively, said shells being compressed together as the side and planetary pinion gears are displaced apart upon the application of torque to the differential casing. In an alternate embodiment, in order to increase the friction torque bias, an additional pair of concentric layers of shell pairs are mounted concentrically upon the first two shell layers.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd2 | Method for manufacturing contoured thread rolling dies | This invention relates to dies and the method for making dies for rolling threaded fasteners having conical or truncated conical ends. The face of each of a pair of dies which contacts the workpiece includes a first generally planar surface having a plurality of parallel ridges disposed thereon. A second generally planar surface having ridges thereon for threading the conical or truncated conical end is disposed on the face at an angle with respect to the first generally planar surface. The face on which the two generally planar surfaces are disposed is normally generally rectangular and elongated in the direction of relative movement between a pair of dies. The intersection of the two generally planar surfaces and each groove or ridge disposed on each such surface is positioned in parallel realtionship to every other ridge or groove and the intersection of the first and second generally planar surfaces. Each ridge disposed in a plane which is parallel to the first plane and the projection is disposed at an angle with respect to the direction of movement which is substantially equal to the helix angle of the threaded fastener to be formed. These angular relationships permit the rapid and inexpensive manufacture of dies for threaded fasteners of the type described by enabling cutting or grinding of the entire face with a multipoint cutting tool or a crushed grinding wheel in a single pass as opposed to prior art structures which necessitated the use of single point cutting tools or correspondingly shaped grinding wheels which machined or ground a single groove between adjacent ridges in each machining pass.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd3 | Method of making a saw blade | In the manufacture of saw blades a metal block is first produced, having a central portion consisting of cutting tool steel. The block is now flattened to form a sheet in which the cutting tool steel forms a central strip. The sheet is now divided to form two blades, each blade having an edge portion consisting of the cutting tool steel. Saw teeth are finally cut in said edge portion.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd4 | Apparatus for screwing and unscrewing the bottoms of watch casings | A tool for tightening and untightening screw-type bottoms or backs of watch casings in which the spindle by which the bottom is rotated is threaded to a tool stand using the same pitch of thread as that of the threads on the watchcase bottom, so that as the spindle is rotated it is displaced axially by the same amount as the bottom, thereby keeping the tool on the spindle in proper engagement with the bottom of the case.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd5 | Theft resistant combination lug nut apparatus | Theft resistant combination lug nut apparatus including a nut formed with an internally threaded annular bearing ring formed on one end with a radially extending shoulder, such nut projecting axially outwardly from such ring to form a conical axially elongated centering dome. The bearing ring is formed with a plurality of diametrically unopposed radially outwardly facing chordal index facets arranged in a pattern defining a selected combination and extending axially along the periphery of the ring and spaced to form, at locations opposite all such facets, rounded slip surfaces. A key device is formed with an open ended shell defining a cylindrical socket for closely overfitting the slip surfaces of such bearing ring and is formed on its interior with a plurality of index surfaces arranged in a pattern to closely fit over the facets on such ring whereby the key device may be telescoped axially over such centering dome to be aligned axially with the ring and then rotated to register the key surfaces with the respective facets and then slid axially onto such ring so rotative forces can be applied thereto and only tangential forces will be applied to such facets.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd6 | Digital music synthesizer | The system of this invention is for use with an electronic musical instrument having a keyboard, and generally includes keyboard circuitry, audio waveform generators, envelope generators, static and dynamic filter circuitry and power amplifier and speaker apparatus. In accordance with one feature of this invention, the system comprises means for establishing different digital voice codes which are coupled to read only memories associated with the audio waveform generators, envelope generators and main voice circuitry. This voice code provides a limited number of program conditions to control such variables as audio waveform pulse widths, envelope attack, decay, sustain or release intervals, and instrument resonator control. Another feature of the present invention is concerned with the keyboard circuitry which operates from a digital key and octave code. Each code is sequentially interrrogated to determine if the corresponding key has been played. Although the completely illustrated embodiment is of a monophonic system, this sequential interrogation scheme lends itself quite readily to polyphonic operation. Still another feature of the invention resides in a novel digital controlled oscillator of the audio waveform generators that includes a feedback control loop and wherein the majority of the components of the oscillator only operate over a one octave range.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd7 | Photo-electric organ with chiff | An electrical organ in which each of the keys of the organ is mechanically coupled to one single pole single throw electrical switch, and a plurality of said switches are each connected to a plurality of photoelectric tone sources through pulse shaping keying circuits, the keying circuits connected to each key switch being connected in a cascade circuit with the direct current potential source and the photocell of one of the tone sources, the other tone sources having photocells connected to the junctions of keying circuits in said cascade circuit. The tone circuits actuated by a given key of the organ may be at the same frequency or may comprise a chiff tone component or a noise-puff component, or may include a special decay circuit which activates a photocell modulated at a different pitch from the main-tone component.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd8 | Mechanism for operating a bass drum | This invention discloses a novel and improved mechanism for operating a bass drum which is totally adjustable. A telescoping rod and tube assembly is provided whereby the position and the height of the foot pedal may be adjusted to suit the operator's individual needs. The position of the mechanism may be arcuately adjusted about the drum head as well as the distance through which the beater ball moves to strike the drum head and the force required to be exerted on the depressible foot pedal to cause the beater ball to move. These various adjustments may be made singly or in concert.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cd9 | Fastening assembly | Fastening assembly comprising a base, locking or anchoring element, provided with an upper annular flange, which accepts and engages a removable flexible cap or covering element formed of impermeable elastic material, preferably molded thermoplastic, retained thereon by interference fit. The components when united provide a protective and/or decorative cover for a fastening element that can extend into a sub-stratum, work-piece or material through the base element. The cap and base elements may subsequently be marginally welded together so as to safely house electronic components of telephone or computer systems against unauthorised interference.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cda | Automatic firearms with bolt assisted by an additional mass | An automatic firearm has a recoiling bolt connected by an amplifying lever to an additional mass subjected to the action of a recoil spring. One arm of the lever, via a push member, holds in a position of rest a stop pawl which is capable, when it is in active position, of retaining a striking hammer in striking position. The breaking of the lever permits the movement into the active position.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cdb | Hydraulic controller | The hydraulic controller is for controlling the operation of a plurality of hydraulically controlled devices. Hydraulic fluid may be selectively distributed by the controller to various controlled hydraulic devices in a timed and predetermined sequence. The timing of the distribution of hydraulic fluid by the controller can be quickly and easily varied by various control knobs on the controller to thereby vary the timed operated period of the various machine operations controlled by such devices without affecting the timed operation of other machine operations. The controller is supplied with a source of hydraulic fluid under a generally constant pressure. Cam means are associated with each of a plurality of fluid flow distributing valves for operating such associated valve members in a predetermined sequence of valve positions upon advancement of the cam means relative thereto. Drive means including a pair of opposed indexing and timing device pistons; advance the cam means relative to the valves to operate them in sequence of positions and in operating intervals or dwell periods thereof. The indexing piston has an effective working diameter in its cylinder which is greater than that of the timing piston such that it normally overrides the timing piston. The cam drive means includes lost motion means for allowing the cam means and associated distributing valves to dwell during timing strokes. Fluid flow restrictor means adjustably restrict the flow of fluid through the venting means to control the speed of the timing stroke and thereby provide an adjustable timed interval of operation of the device then being operated.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cdc | Hydraulically powered actuator | What follows is a description of a hydraulically powered actuator for producing a reciprocating output and a method which produces a reciprocating output in response to the controlled flow of a hydraulic fluid. The hydraulic actuator includes, in one embodiment, a cylinder within which a piston assembly is reciprocated, the cylinder being itself displaceably mounted within a housing so that it can periodically introduce a unique flow passage through which a rapid fluid flow occurs, the provision of the passage reduces the hydraulic power lost during reciprocating movement of the piston assembly and ensures a high energy output.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cdd | Servo device particularly for steering gears | A servo device for steering gears for vehicles and ships is adapted to be coupled in a mechanical connection between said gear or the like and the steering rod or the like operated thereby. The device comprises a pair of opposed cylinder-and-piston units each having a working chamber, defined by the respective piston and adapted to be supplied pressurized fluid from a suitable source during control by valve means responsive to a movement of the output member of said gear and the resistance thereagainst of the steering rod operated thereby so as to amplify the power for overcoming said resistance by means of the pressure fluid in one of said pair of working chambers. The two pistons in the units are rigidly secured to each other and provided with an inlet passage for the pressure fluid to the working chambers and wherein the valve device of each of the units comprises a valve member, adapted normally to close a corresponding pressure fluid outlet from the working chamber to a return conduit to the pressure fluid source but to be actuated by movements of the output member of the gear under the intermediation of a transfer means for actuating in its turn a dampening element with a restricted fluid passage.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cde | Piston structure, particularly for hydraulic machines | The piston is formed with a piston head and a sleeve, fitted together such that the piston head has an outer end diameter matching the diameter of the cylinder, and then is formed with an offset inwardly extending shoulder, against which the piston sleeve can bear, to permit machining of the inner face of the piston head to form a bearing cup for a spherical head of a piston rod, and then assembly of the piston sleeve to bear against the abutment; drain line and oil connection lines may be formed in the piston to lead lubricating oil to the bearing cup. The piston head and sleeve can be connected by adhesives and, if necessary, tangentially located transverse pins.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cdf | Method for combining partition and box blank and for making a double       wall thickness box | The method of assembly of a partition with a box blank to form a combination partition box in collapsed condition for shipping and use and for making a double wall thickness box.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce0 | Device for wrapping sheets around food | Device for wrapping thin dough sheets around a mixture of minced vegetables and meat. The mixture is wrapped into the sheet by the reciprocal movement of a belt. One end of the belt is secured to a cradle and the other end to a slide plate. The latter is reciprocated by a cam mechanism connected to a main spindle.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce1 | Device for conveying rolled food | Device for conveying or transferring rolled food, namely semi-finished materials in a chain of procedural steps to the next step. A comb-shaped cradle is secured to each stage processing device, and travelling comb-shaped cradles pass the fixed cradles upwardly, thus the materials on the fixed cradles are moved to the travelling cradles. The latter move above the fixed cradles of the next stages and pass the fixed cradles downwardly, thus the semi-finished materials are put on the fixed cradles of the next stages.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce2 | Device for processing dough | Device for processing dough, specifically one that forms dough sheets having a desired thickness and bakes them. Dough in a hopper is injected from a flat nozzle by a gear pump and stuck onto the rotating drum. The latter is heated and the dough sheet is baked on it. The sheet is released from the drum by a releasing plate contacted with the drum.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce3 | Machine for the tying of packages or the like | Apparatus for tying packages in which a stretch of a tying strand is spanned across a transport path, the package is entrained along this path to draw the strand around it lateral side, and a tying arm is swung across the remaining side of the package and cooperates with fastening means to anchor the strand about the perimeters of the package.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce4 | Method for application of data to a workpiece and apparatus for the       performance of such method | A method for the application of data to a workpiece wherein the determination of the data occurs at a testing machine, and the data is transmitted to a marking device and applied by such marking device to the workpiece. According to the invention for the application of the data to the workpiece the workpiece is removed from the testing location of the testing machine and mounted at the marking device and the determined data remains stored after removal of the workpiece from the testing machine. The apparatus for the performance of the aforesaid method aspects is manifested by the features that the marking device is arranged externally of the testing location of the testing machine and a storage stores the data which has been determined at the testing machine.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce5 | Printing device for imprinting selected characters on a movable record       medium | A printing device for imprinting selected characters from a plurality of type wheels on a record medium is described. Control means are provided for selectively adjusting each of the type wheels to bring selected characters of each of said type wheels into registry with printing positions on the record medium. The control means includes adjusting or typesetting means for each of said type wheels which are conjointly driven by a common drive means. Means are provided for selectively disengaging the drive means and the adjusting means of any type wheels which have selected characters in registry with the printing position on said record medium. The drive means continues to drive other adjusting means notwithstanding the prior disengagement of other adjusting means from the drive means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce6 | Squeegee assembly for use on a screen printing machine | A squeegee assembly for use on a screen printing machine which includes a squeegee holder and associated squeegee blade having a liquid filled tubular member for exerting a liquid or hydraulic pressure on the squeegee blade in a manner whereby the pressure exerted by the squeegee blade is equalized along the entire length thereof and to provide the squeegee blade with the flexibility necessary to conform to a printing surface. The assembly may also include a piston and cylinder assembly to vary the liquid pressure exerted on the squeegee blade and/or a contour bar through which the liquid pressure is transmitted to the squeegee blade.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce7 | Duplicator with web master | A duplicating method and apparatus in which information is transferred onto a copy web from a master web and a repeat printing roll and in which a common impression cylinder carries the copy web past a pressure roll which cooperates with the impression cylinder for bringing the master web in printing contact with the copy web to print equally spaced indicia from the master web on the copy web and the repeat printing roll cooperates with the impression cylinder for printing repeat indicia on the copy web, and including a sheeter for separating the copy web at spaced lengths, each length including an impression from the master web and an impression from the repeat printing roll.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce8 | Dual purpose display for printing presses | A display apparatus for facilitating adjustment of a printing press displays several quantities related to the inking of the printing press in a display that is arranged to show a functional relationship between the quantities. The settings of a plurality of ink adjustment devices are shown in a linear array of setting displays that are arranged in the same order as the adjustment devices are arranged across the width of the press. Each setting display comprises a column of equally-spaced dots with an interpolation dot at the end of the column. In vertical alignment with and in appropriate lateral relationship with that display of settings, a further display is provided showing deviations of the printed ink density from set points representing proper ink density. Each deviation display corresponds to a lateral portion of the press whose printed ink density is controlled by the settings of those of the adjustment devices with whose setting display it is aligned.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ce9 | Rocket-deployed balloon for position marker | A portable, rocket-deployed signaling system for deploying a pin-point loion marker including a tractor rocket propulsion unit and attached payload container launched from a hand-held tube. The payload comprises an inflatable marker balloon, a gas generator for inflating the balloon and a tether line connecting the balloon to the launcher tube. A coupling pin, secured to the tether line at a predetermined length from the end attached to the launcher tube and removably supported on the payload container, is pulled subsequent to launch to permit the container to separate and deploy the balloon. A percussion igniter then actuates the gas generator to inflate the balloon with the generator separating after inflation.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cea | Time delay initiator | A self-contained, accurately timed ignitor system for igniting a rocket mr within a preselected time interval. The timing period is initiated by an electrical input signal. A self-contained, spring wound timer and power source package, carried within the motor nozzle and used in igniting the rocket motor, is activated by the input signal.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ceb | Boat ride for amusement park | A boat ride system for an amusement park, which includes a main channel and an auxiliary channel extending under the main channel and isolated from it except along a narrow slot. A boat for carrying people includes a hull floating in the main channel, a pair of paddles lying in the auxiliary channel, and a pair of supports extending through the slot and connecting the paddles to the hull. Pumps are utilized to pump water along the auxiliary channel so that the moving water pushes the paddles and therefore moves the hull along the main channel.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cec | Roadway for high performance rapid transit railways | A roadway for rapid transit railways comprises concrete or reinforced concrete piers supporting an all steel support or suspension structure for the support and/or suspension as well as guiding of the vehicles.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ced | Impact resistant panels | An impact resistant panel composed of a group of at least three sheets of vitreous material bonded together via intervening layers of plastic material. According to one form of construction, the group includes a set of consecutive vitreous sheets of at least three different thicknesses which are arranged in order of thickness, and at least the first sheet, taken in the direction from the highest sheet thickness end of the set, is tempered. According to a second form of construction, the group includes a set of consecutive sheets of at least two different thicknesses arranged in order of thickness and at least two of the plastic layers are of different thicknesses and are arranged so that one of the layers having the smallest thickness is nearer the first sheet, taken in the direction from the thickest sheet, than is any other layer.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cee | Means for producing piping openings in blanks of garments | Arrangement for producing piped openings in cut blanks of garments, comprising a displaceable supporting plate and a folding device including a folding slide for piping strips defined by movable folding tools and a working blank clamp displaceable relative to the needles of a double needle sewing machine having a separating cutter working centrally between the needles and adapted to be lowered upon the cut blank, two folding and clamping rails defining a folding shaft between them supported for vertical movement and pivotally supported at their upper ends for rocking movement toward and away from one another and relative to said folding slide, means for raising and lowering said folding and clamping rails together by an adjustable distance relative to a cut blank in said folding shaft.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cef | Small cloth vise for a sewing machine | A vise for sewing machines for sewing pockets on articles of clothing including a device for automatically folding edges of the material of the pocket and a plate for pressing the pocket material on the garment during the sewing operation. The plate consists of a central element shaped substantially like the pocket and three thin plates, two lateral and one on the bottom of what constitutes the pocket running parallel along the edges of the central element and capable of moving to the inside and outside of the central element parallel to its edges.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf0 | Boat hull construction | A boat hull construction having a bottom formed with a central longitudinal surface and side surfaces spaced on either side of the central surface. Both the central surface and the side surfaces are flat in a cross sectional direction, and the side surfaces are separated from the central surface by upwardly arched channels. The three parallel flat surfaces enable the boat to plane at lower speeds and provide improved lateral stability.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf1 | Ship's afterbody, especially for a full-form ship fitted with more than       one propeller | With ships fitted with more than one propeller, it has been found that a remarkable increase in a ratio speed/power can be obtained especially in full-form ships, if the under-water portion of the ship's afterbody, at a level corresponding to the top clearance of the propellers, is divided into an upper, full body portion and a lower, narrow body part, with the transient part between said body portions being designed to form a substantially horizontal hull surface at each hull side.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf2 | Conduit-mounted valve-vent interlock especially for tank ships | A conduit vent-and-valve combination especially adapted for tank ships employing gas-inerting of cargo tanks. It includes location of the vent and valve adjacent to one another in the conduit, and employs mechanical interlock between the valve hatch cover and an extension of the valve stem in order to prevent closing the hatch unless the valve is fully open.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf3 | Propeller support for amphibious vehicle | An amphibious vehicle, normally of tracked land drive, having outboard drive device tiltable for removal from drive position when not in use. There is provided a self-contained water drive device comprising a motor and propeller unit which is tiltably mounted at the stern of the vehicle, the tilting being either longitudinally or transversely as desired. Power and latch devices are provided for tilting and holding the water drive device out of operating position. Other latch structure is provided including automatic control if desired, for holding the water drive device in operating position.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf4 | Indicator instrument assemblies | A combined speedometer and tachograph assembly has speedometer and tachograph indicia respectively arranged at one and the other side of a translucent plate and respectively adapted to be illuminated by separate light sources at opposite sides of said plate, the light transmission capability of the plate being such that the speedometer indicia when viewed from said one side of the plate are visible by the reflection from the indicia of artificial or natural light incident from said one side, but the tachograph indicia are only rendered clearly visible by the transmission through the plate of light incident on the tachograph indicia from an artificial light source at the other side of the plate.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf5 | Water ski tow rope | An arrangement for securing a braided rope to the ski tow rope handle by passing the rope through a transverse hole in the handle, passing the rope around the periphery of the handle and then inserting a portion of the end of the rope into the braided rope so that it passes back through the transverse hole in the handle. The braided rope acts in the manner of the well known Chinese finger, in that the higher the stress placed on the rope, the tighter it grasps the end of the rope that is inserted into it to prevent its detachment from the handle. To insure that the braided rope always retains some grip on the portion of rope inserted into it and to provide protection for the hands of the skier, a rubber sleeve is placed over the rope directly adjacent to the handle. In order to prevent the rubber sleeve from being displaced, a length of heat shrinkable tubing is applied to the rubber tubing and extends beyond the tubing to overlap onto the braided rope itself. The inner surface of this heat shrinkable tubing is provided with a heat sensitive adhesive to increase its hold on the rubber sleeve and the braided rope.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf6 | Apparatus for pivotally mounting an outboard fishing motor | An apparatus for pivotally mounting an outboard fishing motor, such as a shaft-mounted submersible electric motor, on the bow of a fishing boat or the like for pivotal movement between an operative position wherein the motor is held in the water and a non-operative raised position. The apparatus comprises a pivotally mounted bracket for supporting the shaft of the motor, a semi-circular guide member fixedly positioned adjacent the bracket, a follower interconnecting the bracket and guide member, and a power control system including a reversible electric motor and cable arrangement for automatically and positively pivoting the fishing motor in either direction between its operative and non-operative positions by translating the follower along the guide member.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf7 | Slurry dip tank | An enclosure designed to maintain the purity and physical characteristics of a slurry within a preferred range during the manufacture of shell molds is disclosed. The tank is in the form of a trough with flat side walls and a curved member forming the front, bottom and back of the trough. The entire trough is water cooled and a cover along the top completes the enclosure. The enclosure is fitted with means for circulating the slurry and a liner having an airfoil member. Various sensing and control means are interconnected through a feedback system which continuously monitors and controls the conditions of the slurry.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf8 | Vapor deposition apparatus including a three-compartment evaporator | The evaporation of metal for the production of alloys by the deposition of the components from the vapour phase is carried out in a controllably heated source comprising a melting compartment, in which in operation the metal is melted; a mixing compartment, a constriction in the passage from the melting to the mixing compartment to minimise back mixing of the molten metal, and an evaporation compartment, the supply of metal from the mixing compartment to the evaporation compartment being below the surface of the molten metal. Heating is preferably by electron beam heating.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cf9 | Apparatus for applying a coating composition onto a web | A method and apparatus for applying a coating composition onto a web, in which the coating composition is subjected to a first general smoothing during the passage of the web between relatively stiff surfaces of a primary coating member and the final smoothing of the coating is effected in a nip formed between relatively flexible flat surfaces of a secondary coating member. Said coating members being spaced from each other in the running direction of the web. The web is both stabilised and pre-coated by the primary coating member, whereas the coating is finalised by the secondary coating member.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cfa | Apparatus for applying a film of liquid to a web of material | An apparatus for applying a thin liquid film to a continuously moving web of large width comprises a liquid supply chamber adapted to be fed by a pump. A smoothly tensioned foil, arranged to receive liquid from the supply chamber, constitutes a guide surface to form a liquid film, and has a lower edge arranged to discharge the film onto the web of material. Means arranged ahead of the foil is provided for calming the liquid.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cfb | Segmented gate developer flow controller | An apparatus is provided which limits the amount of developer that is presented to an electrostatic latent image to a width corresponding to the length of copy paper used. This particular apparatus and method apply to a development system which has a developer sump communicated to a magnetic transport means through a developer outlet at the lower end of the sump. During development functions, magnetic developer flows from the sump through the outlet to the magnetic transport means to be presented to the latent image. A plurality of magnetic gates are provided, each of which; may be swung into closed position adjacent the outlet to magnetically block flow of developer through that portion of the outlet corresponding to the length of the magnetic gate adjacent thereto. Each magnetic gate may also be swung into an open position which allows developer to flow through the outlet corresponding to the length of the magnetic gate adjacent thereto. Certain of the magnetic gates may be selectively located in open or closed position to allow developer to flow through the outlet over a length corresponding to the length of a copy sheet being utilized. All of the gates may be located in closed position when it is desired to stop all of developer flow through the outlet to puurge the developer systems.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cfc | Poultry Coop | A stackable poultry coop formed of complementary upper and lower sections and a door. The upper section has an upper wall with a central opening bounded by a plurality of upwardly extending flanges. The lower section has a lower wall formed of a flexible grid and a plurality of downwardly extending ribs adapted to engage and nest with the flanges of another coop when in stacking relation thereto. The lower wall ribs are positioned around the periphery of the lower wall to allow at least its central portion to flex and each of the upper and lower walls have a marginal wall extending generally at right angles from their periphery. The upper, lower and marginal walls are provided with a plurality of openings to provide ventilation as well as to facilitate cleaning.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cfd | Exhaust gas cleaning means for a rotary piston type engine | In a rotary piston type engine comprising a rotor housing having exhaust port means, exhaust gas cleaning means comprising an auxiliary exhaust passage in the form of a cutout portion, and a secondary air port opening in a casing at the cutout portion. The cutout portion extends from the exhaust port means into a working chamber which is in the final part of expansion stroke.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cfe | Carbureted prechamber rotary combustion engine | A rotary combustion engine arrangement having a prechamber rotary engine section in which a rich air-fuel mixture is spark ignited with the hot combustion gases thereof directed into a lean air-fuel mixture for ignition thereof in a main chamber rotary engine section.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7cff | Vapor injection system for internal combustion engine | A vapor injection system for an internal combustion engine including a mist chamber having a perforated section communicating with the inlet to the carburetor and a water tube and an air tube discharging jets of water and air, respectively, in convergent paths within the mist chamber to create an atomized water spray. The perforated section of the mist chamber assures the complete atomization of all water particles passing into the carburetor.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d00 | Internal combustion engine | A torch ignition engine of reduced complexity and including novel arrangements of the cylinder heads and manifolds. Specific features of a preferred embodiment include auxiliary ignition chambers formed by cup shaped inserts retained in place by the spark plugs, auxiliary intake valves actuated directly by tappets mounted on the spring seats of the main intake valves, and auxiliary induction passages extending internally of the intake manifold, cylinder heads and exhaust manifolds where they extend in heat exchange relation with various exhaust gas passages.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d01 | Composite oil-cooled piston for an internal combustion engine | The piston head is hollowed for a central coolant cavity and for an outer annular coolant cavity separated by a ridge by which the head is supported on the piston body. An outer shoulder also supports the skirt part of the head on the piston body. The piston body has an upper part hollowed in the center to form part of the central coolant cavity and a lower part having a wrist pin bearing with coolant recesses in the bearing, which are connected by coolant channels leading to the annular cavity in the head. The wrist pin in the bearing has channels connecting a coolant supply channel in the piston rod to the center of the wrist pin and thence to the bearing recesses.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d02 | Manifold for internal combustion engines having steps in the walls of       the manifold runners | A plurality of steps in each runner of a manifold from the exit of the runners towards a plenum of the manifold are located where mixture velocity is relatively low with respect to mixture velocity elsewhere in the runner in the same velocity profile. The steps control reverse mixture flow and increase the amount of mixture entering the engine's cylinders.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d03 | Ignition system for internal combustion engines | An ignition system for a spark-ignition type internal combustion engine comprising an ignition device capable of performing the spark timing control function, wherein in order to improve the engine torque, a temperature detecting element for detecting the temperature having an effect on the engine torque efficiency is provided in addition to the ingition device, so that the ignition device is actuated to advance the timing of the spark at a lower temperature as compared with that employed at a higher temperature in accordance with the temperature detected by the temperature detecting element.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d04 | Engine exhaust gas recirculating control | The engine has a duct connecting the gases in the exhaust gas crossover passage to the intake manifold, the duct normally being closed by a valve that is opened by manifold vacuum that is modulated as a function of carburetor throttle blade opening and connected to the duct past an air-bleed device that normally is open and closed against a spring force by unmodulated manifold vacuum below a predetermined level so that the gas recirculating valve opening signal force varies directly with manifold vacuum decreases to prevent recirculation during engine idle and cruising and wide-open throttle operations while providing controlled operation in the engine accelerating range between.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d05 | Internal combustion engine system | An internal combustion engine system, particularly as used for automotive vehicle propulsion, includes the engine with a muffler for reducing engine exhaust noise and fuelled by gas produced by a miniaturized gas reformer requiring heating and a supply of vaporized liquid hydrocarbon and oxygen-containing gas, the reformer usually being enclosed by a larger enclosure to form a space through which the engine exhaust is passed for supplying heat to the reformer, and having an exhaust heated heat-exchanger for its intake. By positioning the reformer inside of the engine's muffler so that the exhaust heat there is used to supply heat to the reformer, the need for the bulk-increasing larger enclosure is eliminated, and by arranging the intake heat-exchanger in the muffler so that the exhaust flow through the muffler is deflected both when entering and leaving the exchanger, a multi-deflected and therefore exhaust noise attenuation exhaust flow results.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d06 | Electric heating means for fuel vaporization in internal combustion       engines | Electric heating means for fuel vaporization in internal combustion engines to improve the efficiency, performance and starting thereof, an optimum amount of electrical power being supplied to the heating means during operation of the engine. An important feature relates to the use of heating units mounted in an intake manifold preferably with there being one heating unit for each engine cylinder, mounted adjacent the intake valve. In an engine having fuel injection, a heating unit is mounted on the downstream side of each fuel injector. Another important feature relates to the provision of means controlled by ambient temperature sensing means for automatically adjusting the optimum amount of electrical power supplied to electric heating and vaporizing means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d07 | System for the detoxication of exhaust gases | An exhaust gas-detoxicating system for an externally ignited internal combustion engine having at least one air intake suction tube wherein a fuel/air mixture is produced by metering into said tube fuel from a fuel metering device, and wherein the fuel air mixture, before its entry into a cylinder of the engine, can be deviated through a heated-up bypass of at least one suction tube by means of a flap valve being disposed in said suction tube and being controllable in dependence on characteristic engine data, is improved by providing, in combination, measuring means for detecting the amount of air flowing through the said suction tube and means for controlling the flap valve in dependence on the detected air amount. Preferably, the measuring means comprise a Venturi constriction in the suction tube, a pneumatic-mechanical converter, and means actuating the converter in dependence on the pressure difference between the air pressure upstream, and the air pressure in the Venturi constriction at the narrowest cross sectional area of the latter.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d08 | Fuel metering device for externally ignited internal combustion engines       with compression of the air-fuel mixture | In a fuel metering device for an externally ignited internal combustion engine with compression of the air-fuel mixture, which system comprises a suction tube for the intake of air in which an air-measuring device and a randomly adjustable throttle valve having a flap are arranged in sequence, and in which an essentially proportionate amount of fuel is metered into the amount of air flowing therethrough, and wherein the proportionality of the fuel amount is adjustable by means of controlling a bypass circumventing the air-measuring device in dependence on engine data, there is described an improvement which comprises a valve arranged in the bypass, the said valve being controllable by the pressure prevailing in the suction tube in the vicinity of the throttle valve, a pneumatically actuated valve means adapted for controlling the valve in the bypass, and conduit means connecting the pneumatically actuated valve means with the suction tube and having an orifice in the latter which orifice is located upstream of the throttle valve, taken in the direction of air flow through the suction tube, and also upstream of the part of the flap of the throttle valve moving against the flow of air during the release of the air supply, yet still in the immediate vicinity of the said flap part.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d09 | Fuel-injection pump for an internal combustion engine | A fuel injection pump for an internal combustion engine wherein a plunger is mounted in a barrel for sliding axial movement and rotation about its own axis, and the barrel is formed therein with a suction port and an outlet port. A metering groove is formed in the plunger and maintained in communication with a top of the plunger through a bore formed in the plunger, so that a desired amount of metered fuel can be delivered to the engine according to the load applied to the engine by varying the area and the time at which the metering groove is brought into communication with the outlet port, thereby varying the amount of fuel outflow. A pulsation control chamber of a greater sectional area is formed in the fuel passageway between a discharge valve of the pump and a fuel valve so as to intensify and prolong the duration of throbs of a pulsating current of fuel moved through the pulsation control chamber as it is delivered by pumping.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d0a | Fuel injection system for internal combustion engines | A fuel injection system for an internal combustion engine in which the intake air flow is measured and a corresponding electrical signal is generated which governs a pressure control unit so as to modify the fluid pressure acting on a fuel-metering slide-valve piston, displacing it against restoring forces. The axial displacement of the slide-valve piston changes the flow aperture in adjacent metering slits and thus governs the rate of fuel flow to the injection valves of the internal combustion engine and maintains a desired fuel-air ratio.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d0b | Fuel injection piston and method of its manufacture | A piston for a fuel injection pump for use in internal combustion engines and its method of manufacture is described. The piston is reciprocated and rotated within a cylinder having a fuel supply opening. The piston has an upper control edge determining initiation of fuel injection and a lower control edge determining initiation of fuel injection and a lower control edge determining termination of fuel injection as the edges move past the fuel supply opening. In its improvement the piston is manufactured to provide a notch in its upper end surface which, at the intersection of the notch with the circumferential surface of the piston, forms at least two upper control sections serving at least as a part of the upper control edge. The two control edge sections have relatively different inclinations with respect to the upper end surface of the piston which effects the fuel injection.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d0c | Apparatus for supplying fuel to a fuel-injected engine | Improved apparatus for supplying fuel to one or more fuel injectors used to inject fuel into a combustion engine. In the preferred form, each of the fuel injectors has its discharge port positioned in the engine intake manifold and a clamp retains the injector in position thereon. The clamp has a first portion that has a passage for receiving the inlet conduit to the fuel injector. Also, this portion of the clamp has inlet and outlet passages in communication with the passage receiving the injector inlet conduit so that fuel supplied to the inlet passage flows into the inlet conduit of the fuel injector and also flows out of the outlet passage. A second portion of the clamp is used for securing the clamp to the engine intake manifold. The fuel injector is located between the first portion of the clamp and the intake manifold. Flexible conduit may be used to connect the outlet passage of one clamp with the inlet passage to another clamp. A pressure regulator may be provided for regulating the pressure of the fuel flowing through the various clamps and flexible tubing.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d0d | Liquid fuel pumping apparatus | A fuel injection pumping apparatus includes an injection pump to which fuel is supplied by means of an axially movable shuttle which is contained within a cylinder. Fuel is supplied to one end of the cylinder through a metering valve from a first source of fuel under pressure. The fuel contained in said one end of the cylinder is displaced to the injection pump by applying fuel under pressure to the other end of the cylinder containing the shuttle from a further source of fuel under pressure. The pressure of the further source of fuel is higher than that of the first mentioned source.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d0e | Apparatus for mixing fuel and air for an internal combustion | Apparatus comprising a tubular housing connected to the suction pipe of a multi-cylinder internal combustion engine at one end and the intake manifold thereof at the other end, and a plurality of twisted blades positioned in the tubular housing along the axis thereof. The blades are adapted to impart a whirling motion to a mixture of fuel and air or of fuel, air and a recyclic portion of exhaust gas flowing through the tubular housing and reform it into a homogeneous mixture, without creating any appreciable resistance to the flow of the mixture.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d0f | Convertible baseball and tennis practice machine | An improved compressed fluid ball projecting machine convertable for baseball and tennis practice. Improvements are in maneuverability, oscillation of the tennis barrel and immobility of the baseball barrel, remote control power for coaching options, replaceable and interchangeable barrels, variable timer speed control and a reliable hopper and feed system to enable firing of up to two hundred tennis balls unattended and without malfunction. Regarding the oscillation or lack of oscillation of the barrel, an actuator rod mounted on a rotatable disc causes such oscillation. When this rod is removed and the barrel clamped, this oscillation is eliminated. Concerning the variable timer control, such control is varied by two relatively movable rotatable notched discs. These dics contact a valve actuating mechanism and permit opening of a valve operated thereby only when the notches of the pair of discs are aligned and in contact with the valve actuating mechanism.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d10 | Heat exchanger tube tool | Certain types of heat-exchangers have tubes opening through a tube sheet to a manifold having an access opening offset from alignment with the tube ends. A tool for inserting a device, such as for inspection or repair, is provided for use in such instances. The tool is formed by a flexible guide tube insertable through the access opening and having an inner end provided with a connector for connection with the opening of the tube in which the device is to be inserted, and an outer end which remains outside of the chamber, the guide tube having adequate length for this arrangement. A flexible transport hose for internally transporting the device slides inside of the guide tube. This hose is long enough to slide through the guide tube, into the heat-exchanger tube, and through the latter to the extent required for the use of the device. The guide tube must be bent to reach the end of the heat-exchanger tube and the latter may be constructed with a bend, the hose carrying anti-friction elements at interspaced locations along its length to make it possible for the hose to negotiate such bends while sliding to the location where the use of the device is required.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d11 | Heating panel for use in explosion-prone furnaces | A heating panel for use in explosion-prone furnaces comprises a heating element on the inner side thereof, and on the outer side of the heating element a series of spaced parallel sheets of aluminum foil which, in the case of an explosion, simply blow out and are easily replaceable. The panel is rectangular and bordered with insulating material and it is contemplated that a plurality of the panels can be assembled in side-by-side relationship. The heating element may be electrical or run on gas or oil.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d12 | Heating system | A system for utilizing furnace waste stack pipe heat which comprises elongating the waste stack pipe so that it defines a substantially rectangular shape and, when a blower is used in conjunction with the furnace, so that it extends over the blower in order that air drawn into the blower is preheated, the system further including placing a cover or hood over the elongated waste stack pipe and a baffle plate thereunder, each in close proximity thereto, for forcing the currents of air to move in close proximity to the hot waste stack pipe to readily absorb the heat therefrom.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d13 | Fireplace heater | A heat exchange device installed in a fireplace without any modification thereto completely encircling the fire, sides, top, back and bottom but without having the heating tubes and ducts exposed to the destructive concentrated heat that occurs at the fire bed level of grate or andiron and including twin cold air ducts extending from front to rear of the fireplace at one lower corner thereof, twin hot air ducts extending from front to rear of the fireplace at the other lower corner thereof with the twin ducts interconnected by a plurality of heat exchange tubes which extend upwardly along the side walls of the fireplace and then horizontally in overlying relation to the fire in the fireplace an additional tubes extending horizontally across the bottom of the fireplace. A motor driven fan is provided in the bottom cold air duct to circulate air through the device. The twin ducts, having interconnecting apertures to the rear, include baffle arrangements to guide the flow of air through the heat exchange tubes for most efficient utilization of the heat from the fire in the fireplace. A forced draft device is incorporated into the cold air duct for selective discharge of air at the base of the fire in the fireplace to facilitate the initial burning of the fuel and to provide a forced draft for proper combustion of the fuel whenever desired. When the fire is first lit, the resulting flames hitting and passing in between and around the overhead heating tubes encircling the fire provide heat almost instantly and as the fire progressively burns, the entire length of the heating tubes, both overhead and encircling the fire on both sides and to the back, become heated providing a continuous expanded volume of hot air which is forced out into the room, away from the fireplace, this air is then circulated and again re-enters the cold air tubes by being forcibly drawn from the floor level and ejected as heated air on the opposite side of the fireplace. This results in an even room temperature, even at floor level. As the fire progressively burns, coals and ashes falling through the apertures in the conventional grate cover the heating tubes extending across the floor of the firepplace thereby extracting heat from this area of the fireplace which becomes heated last, but which also retains heat the longest, long after the fire itself has burned out.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d14 | Combination fireplace and space heater | A conventional fireplace with a mantel, a hearth and a chimney has an air intake port and an air exhaust port disposed in the mantel. An air intake fan also disposed in the mantel is connected in series with copper pipe, and the fan is connected to the intake port while the remote end of the pipe feeds the exhaust port. The pipe is routed over the hearth and below the chimney. When a fire is lit in the fireplace, and the fan is turned on, the air passed through the pipe is heated by the fire and blown throughout the room.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d15 | Air-noncontact type blood sampling assembly | An air-noncontact type blood sampling assembly has a blood sampling container consisting of a tubular body having at one end an elastomeric stopper sealed by a sealing member and opened at the other end and a columnar gasket having a plunger at the rear portion and slidable within said tubular body, and a cylindrical transparent holder having a piercing needle at the forward end adapted to have said sampling container inserted thereinto. Said blood sampling container is previously charged with a larger amount of blood anticoagulant than required.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d16 | Intravascular liquid velocity sensing method using a polarographic       electrode | The linear flow rate of a liquid containing dissolved oxygen, such as blood, can be determined by means of an electrode assembly having exposed to the liquid a relatively large polarographically active cathode and spaced therefrom a reference anode. With an applied energizing voltage of about 0.4-0.9 volts a current plateau is reached which is proportional to fluid flow rate. As the device is also sensitive to oxygen content, compensation can be measured by providing on the assembly an oxygen sensing membrane covered polarographic electrode pair of the Clark type.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d17 | Method and apparatus for the indirect measurement of blood pressure | A method and apparatus for automatically detecting the blood pressure of a person by auscultation in which a standard blood pressure cuff is connected to a pressure transducer for providing a pressure signal and a microphone is used for providing an electrical signal from the Korotkoff sounds detected. The Korotkoff sound electrical signal is amplified and passed through a bandpass filter which has a flat response between approximately 50 and 160 Hz and a sharp cutoff below 50 Hz. The resultant signal is then summed with the pressure signal to provide an output which indicates the pressures at which the five phases associated with the Korotkoff sounds occur.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d18 | Invalid exercising device | A preferred embodiment further comprises an auxiliary electric power source operably connected to the link chain for actuating the present device in the absence of manual operation by an operator. A bicycle type of exercising device for paraplegic invalids comprising an elongated structure having one end adapted to rest upon the floor and its other end adapted to rest upon the end of a conventional bed. Handle bar means and seat support means are mounted upon the end resting upon the floor to provide a manual operator station. The latter end is also provided with a first bicycle sprocket which is operably connected by a link chain to a second sprocket operably connected to the other end of the elongated structure. The second sprocket means is provided with pedal means adapted to receive and retain the feet of a paraplegic who is horizontally disposed in the bed on which the present device is operably mounted whereby the invalid can pedal the present device alone, or preferably, his legs can be exercised by an operator pedaling at the other end provided with the manual station. An especially preferred embodiment is directed to an electric power driven only device having a supporting bicycle structure adapted for mounting solely upon the bedstead.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d19 | Cast for broken limbs and method | 1. Field of Invention The present invention relates broadly to the art of placing a cast on an injured limb and more particularly to a novel cast comprising a pair of concentric sleeves sealed at the ends and containing therebetween a cylindrical batt of reinforcement impregnated with a resin activating substance which initiates polymerization when comingled with a suitable polymer, and a related method. 2. Prior Art Heretofore, the use of a cast comprising plastic interior and exterior walls have most frequently utilized a polymeric foam in the interior between the sleeves. This has created a number of problems because it is difficult to control the foam and often the cast becomes a pressure-applying device rather than an instrument which restrains undesired movement of the limb. Also, such an approach prevents adequate breathing of the skin in the vicinity of the cast. As a consequence, the medical profession has used only to a limited extent such an approach. With the foregoing in mind, it is a primary object of the present invention to provide a novel cast for injured limbs and related methods. Another paramount object of the present invention is the provision of a novel cast wherein the cast comprises spaced concentric sleeves sealed one to the other at opposed ends and containing therein a cylindrical batt of reinforcement impregnated with a catalyst wherein a polymeric material is injected between the sleeves into contiguous relation with the reinforcement and is caused to be polymerized when mixed with the catalyst. It is a further object of the present invention to provide a novel cast comprising a plurality of breather holes intermediate spaced cylindrical walls of the cast. These and other objects and features of the present invention will be apparent from the following detailed description, taken with reference to the accompanying drawing(s). BACKGROUND BRIEF SUMMARY AND OBJECTS OF THE PRESENT INVENTION A cast for broken limbs and related method, the cast comprising a cylindrical, double wall sleeve fabricated of a thin polymeric or elastomeric material and containing a cylindrical batt of fiberglas or like reinforcement impregnated with a polymeric catalyst. The opposed ends of the cast are constructed so that the spaced sleeves are sealed one to another and also to the cylindrical batt of the fiberglas or the like, which is concentrically disposed within the cast intermediate the spaced sleeves. Spacers may be used to maintain said concentric relationship. The cast comprises a plurality of breather ports, the edges of which are sealed as are the ends of the cast. When it is desired to use the cast, a suitable polymeric material is injected through a filler port into the interior of the cast between the two spaced concentric sleeves. The physician manually kneads the resin within the cast causing the catalyst initially contained within the central reinforcement to become mixed into the polymer thereby initiating polymerization. The filling vessel is detached and the cast is placed upon the injured limb of the patient. A conventional wrapping, such as an elastic roll bandage, is placed on the cast to exert pressure causing the same to conform precisely to the exterior surface of the injured limb. The wrapping is removed once the resin has set and adequately cured.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d1a | Surgical drape and system incorporating it | A drape for use in surgical procedures having a base sheet of a liquid-repellent material and including a generally U-shaped fenestration with a layer of adhesive surrounding the fenestration and providing for varying the dimensions of the fenestration. The adhesive is protected by a plurality of cover strips which permit the drape to be applied in a folded condition to the patient and unfolded with reduced danger of contamination. In a preferred embodiment the drape also includes a foam-film laminate layer on the top surface thereof around the fenestration for placement of instruments, increased protection against liquid strike-through, reduced glare, and controlled absorbency. In use, the drape of the invention may be combined with other drapes, and an application is described including a stocking and a bar sheet for complete protection in complicated procedures such as knee or hip surgery. An improved method of folding the drape of the invention for increased safety and convenience is also described.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d1b | Anti-adherent medical dressings and the like | Anti-adherent material for coming into contact with the epidermis such as sheets, surgical dressings, various kinds of bandages and the like are disclosed which comprise a homopolymer or copolymer of tetrafluoroethylene containing at least about 50% tetrafluoroethylene deposited upon a support material which is resistant to the fritting temperature of the homopolymer or copolymer, the support material containing from about 25 to 90% homopolymer or copolymer and from 10 to 75% support material and possessing regularly disposed perforations for from about 0.1 to 10% of the surface thereof.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d1c | Hypodermic syringe with parts disposable after use | A hypodermic syringe comprising a head, a rod slidingly mounted in the head and gripping elements fixed to the head and to the exterior free end of the rod. The gripping element fixed to the body is mounted on the latter adjustably in the longitudinal direction with respect to the gripping element fixed to the exterior end of the rod.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d1d | Pharmaceutical single-dose container for the eye | A pharmaceutical single-dose container consisting essentially of an elongate flexible closure member extending through the wall of the container and sealed therein with part of said closure member extending outwardly of the container, said part being engageable by hand to permit the closure member to be pulled out of the container wall thereby to provide a discharge opening through which the contents of the container can be discharged.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d1e | Disposable diaper with end flap means and method | A disposable diaper having an absorbent pad, a fluid impervious backing sheet defining a back surface of the diaper, a front surface, and a plurality of longitudinally extending folds defining a box-pleat configuration of the diaper. An end flap of the box-pleat diaper is folded over the front surface of the diaper, and means is provided for retaining at least a portion of the front surface of the flap against the underlying front surface of the box-pleat diaper.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d1f | Disposable diaper with a tape closure system having a double-folded tab | A disposable diaper is provided with an improved adhesive tab having a relatively long free end. The tab comprises a fixed end secured to a diaper backing sheet on the outside surface of the diaper and at a marginal location thereof, and a free end having a tacky surface covered with a release strip which extends beyond the tacky surface. The release strip and the free end together form a creasable laminate which is folded back over the fixed tab end and further folded over on itself.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d20 | Disposable diaper with tab fastener means having an integral release       surface | A disposable diaper having a moisture-impermeable backing sheet and an absorbent pad superposed on the backing sheet is provided with tab-type fasteners which do not require a release sheet for protecting adhesive surfaces thereof. Each fastener is secured to the backing sheet and comprises a pair of terminal portions and a flexible central segment which connects the terminal portions. One of the terminal portions is attached to the backing sheet and the other, free terminal portion is releasably attached to a release surface provided on the terminal portion which is attached to the backing sheet. The flexible central segment is longer than the free terminal portion and forms a finger-receiving loop when the free terminal portion is removably attached to the release surface.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d21 | Portable light coagulator | A light coagulator for treatment of eye disorders is provided, utilizing a converging light beam, a collimated lens system and a mirror to deliver a high powered beam of light to the eye for use as a surgical tool. The light coagulator of the invention is of simplified design and portable.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d22 | Surgical apparatus for removal of tissue | Defective or unwanted tissue is removed such as from the lens of an eye by directing a pulsating high velocity liquid jet onto the defecting tissue to disintegrate the tissue and sucking the liquid entraining the disintegrated tissue from the area adjacent the tissue by a suction conduit. A control system is provided to insure the proper amount of suction. The control system also monitors the suction conduit and in response to a sudden change in pressure resulting from a clogging condition, the sucking action is reversed causing pressure to be forced through the conduit. Salt crystals can be added into the liquid stream of the pulsating liquid to improve the cutting action.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d23 | Disposable phlebotomist's tourniquet | A disposable phlebotomist's tourniquet comprising a flat solid, elastic band of a length sufficient, when stretched, to encircle the human upper arm and including adjacent one end a relatively non-stretchable pressure-sensitive adhesive strip protectively covered for storage by a protective liner of treated paper or the like having one end projecting beyond the end of the adhesive strip as a graspable pull tab so that the liner may be pulled away.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d24 | Adjustable oral airway | An adjustable oral airway comprising a superior section and inferior section joined at their inner ends by a hinge member, and slidably secured relative to each other at the mouthpiece end, as by a tongue and groove slidable joint. The superior and inferior sections may be spaced a greater or a lesser distance from each other by means of sliding the upper and lower sections of the mouthpiece to improve ease of insertion and removal and to expand or reduce the pharynx, lifting the epiglottis and improving the breathing ability of an unconscious patient.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d25 | Wrapper absence detecting and control device for cigar machines | A pneumatic-electric, or a pneumatic sensing and control system is used in a cigar making machine to prevent a wrapper or binder paster from operating and a formed tobacco member from being delivered to the roller nest when a tobacco strip is not transferred to the carrier while permitting the machine to continue to run without interruption.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d26 | Smokers pipe reamer | A smokers' pipe reamer comprises a hollow body, a forward portion of which has three longitudinally extending radial grooves and bearing slots, each extending radially from a respective one of the grooves to the interior. In each of the grooves a reamer blade is guided, this blade having a U-shaped appendage protruding into the interior. Three pins held in the forward portion of the body extend through the openings of respective ones of the appendages to permit radial and swiveling motion of the respective reamer blades. Radial movement of the blades may be adjusted by a pin having a conical tip adapted to bear against the radially innermost portions of the blade appendages. The pin is adjustable along the longitudinal axis of the reamer body by means of screw threads and a guiding slot, thereby limiting radially inward movement of the appendages and the blades while permitting the blades to swivel about each of the three pins.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d27 | Cigarette holder ring | A cigarette holder ring consisting of a resiliently contractible ring band operable to fit snugly on any portion of the wearer's finger, and a cigarette holding clip adapted normally to be folded extremely inconspicuously into the crown portion of the ring band, but to be extended therefrom to hold a cigarette, the clip being universally movably relative to the ring band to hold the cigarette in any position relative to his finger most suitable to any individual user.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d28 | Dual hair pin | A hair pin made from a continuous resilient band folded back on opposite sides forming a loop at each end to provide a pair of pincers having a common inner member, and disposed in substantially opposite directions.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d29 | Coin sorting and counting apparatus | An improved coin sorting and counting apparatus is disclosed. A rotary hopper feeds the coins one at a time to a downwardly inclined track assembly wherein sensing means detect the presence and determine the denomination of the coins as they move therepast. A signal is generated which is proportional to the denomination of each coin and then the signals are totaled. The foregoing Abstract is neither intended to define the invention of the Application which, of course, is measured by the claims, nor is it intended to be limiting as to the scope of the invention in any way.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d2a | Spray-cleaning apparatus | The apparatus serves to clean surfaces of articles by spraying a liquid cleaning fluid on said articles. A support is provided for carrying an article to be cleaned, also a nozzle system for spraying said cleaning fluid, and mechanism for moving said support and nozzle system relative to each other. The nozzle system comprises an upright nozzle tube disposed laterally of the support and above the same, an upper horizontal nozzle tube extending over the support, and a lower horizontal nozzle tube extending under the support. Each of said upright, upper and lower nozzle tubes have nozzles which are arranged in a longitudinal row and directed toward said support. Said upright and upper nozzle tubes and said support define a cleaning zone between them. Said nozzle system comprises an additional nozzle tube extending into said cleaning zone and having at least one longitudinal row of nozzles which extend laterally from the axis of said additional nozzle tube.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d2b | Wind resistant umbrella | A conventional umbrella has three hooks mounted upon each of its downwardly extending ribs. The first hook is located at the bottom of the rib. The second hook is located at the connection point of the rib and one of the elongated struts used to open and close the umbrella. The third hook is located on the same rib intermediate the first and second hooks. A flexible cable is attached to the first hook, passes or extends through the second and third hooks and is then attached to the center pole of the umbrella.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d2c | Pneumatic control system and valve construction therefor or the like | A pneumatic control system having a source of pneumatic fluid and a pneumatically operated device to be operated by the source when interconnected thereto by a valve construction when the same is in one operating condition thereof. The valve construction interconnects the atmosphere to the device when in another operating condition thereof. The valve construction has a housing provided with a chamber and three spaced ports leading to the chamber, one of the ports being interconnected to the source of fluid, another of the ports being interconnected to the device and the remaining port being interconnected to the atmosphere. A valve seat separates the one port from the other port and the remaining port. A movable valve member controls the valve seat, the valve member closing the valve seat when the valve construction is in the other condition thereof and opening the valve seat when the valve construction is in the one condition thereof. A pneumatically operated actuator moves the valve member relative to the valve seat, the actuator being controlled by the source of fluid through the one port of the housing.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d2d | Ballcock assembly | A ballcock assembly in which a sheath extends upwardly through the fluid within a reservoir tank to support a valve mechanism above the normal level to which fluid will rise in the reservoir tank. An inlet tube which connects a fluid supply line to the valve mechanism extends through the sheath and is wholly isolated from the fluid within the reservoir tank by the sheath. The outermost lateral dimension of the inlet tube and the innermost lateral dimension of the sheath are such that the inlet tube is completely circumscribed by an air space comprising a passageway that extends the full axial extent of the inlet tube between its effective connection to the valve mechanism and its effective connection to a fluid supply line. The passageway is required to communicate with atmosphere at a level beneath the fluid in the reservoir tank and may also communicate with atmosphere at a level above the normal level to which fluid will rise within the reservoir tank.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d2e | Safety valve | A high pressure gas tank safety and service valve which comprises a body portion that sealingly engages a threaded opening of a high pressure gas tank. The valve has a flow passage that communicates the interior of the gas tank to an outlet port of the safety and service valve; the flow passage including first and second axially spaced valve seats which are, respectfully, engageable by first and second valve members interconnected by a safety rod. The first valve member is operable to open and close communications between the interior of the high pressure gas tank and the outlet port of the valve to permit selected exhausting of the gas tank. The second valve member is normally bias toward engagement with the second valve seat and in the event of a fracture resulting in the escape of gas, the second valve member will automatically close communications from the tanks. A third valve seat disposed between the interior of the tank and the second valve member is engagable by a third valve operable to close communication with the interior of the tank when the pressure therein drops to a predetermined minimum valve. The third valve member carries a valve element which facilitates repressurization of the tank while the third valve member is engaged with its associated valve seat.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d2f | Valves | In a fluid system a valve is provided with a valve closing system and this system is operated by differential switch means which detect abnormal flow conditions through the valve. The valve is tapped preferably at two locations and each location is connected to a differential pressure switch which in turn operate the valve closing system.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d30 | Pressure regulator | A fluid flow regulator including upstream and downstream members to secure pierced diaphragm in fluid tight engagement therebetween, a valve stem and seat repectively disposed on the diaphragm and upstream member, an O-ring enclosed therein and, a shoulder on the valve stem for engagement with the O-ring to form a fluid tight seal. The diaphragm is disposed for flexure to compress the O-ring for engagement of the stem and seat to discontinue fluid flow responsive to a predetermined value of downstream fluid pressure.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d31 | Control valve | A control valve controls fluid to and from a motor or the like from a rotary shaft and it includes a pair of stationary valve members facing each other and having facing annular channels therein. The annular channel of one of said stationary valve members communicates with a motor passage leading to the motor. The annular channel of the other stationary valve member communicates with a source passage leading to the fluid source and with a vent passage leading to atmosphere. A pair of plugs secured in this latter annular channel provides an arcuate source channel and an arcuate vent channel. A rotatable valve disc driven by the rotary shaft and arranged between the stationary valve members has a port therethrough which alternately communicates the annular motor channel in said one stationary valve member with the arcuate source channel and the arcuate vent channel in the other stationary valve member for controlling the fluid to and from the motor or the like. The rotatable valve disc preferably includes a pair of discs and intermediate resiliently compressible means. The control valve also preferably includes a housing for receiving the stationary valve members and the rotatable valve disc. Lubricating means are also provided for lubricating the running contact between the rotatable valve disc and the stationary valve members.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d32 | Gas charging valve for accumulator | This invention relates to the art of pressure vessels and more particularly to a valve assembly for use in a pressure vessel of the type having a rigid container with a deformable bladder therein, dividing the container into two variable volume chambers, one adapted to receive gas under pressure and the other to receive liquid under pressure. The valve assembly which is screwed into a port in communication with the gas chamber includes a slidably mounted stem having a resilient valve member at one end normally urged to seat on the beveled inner end of an axial bore in the valve assembly in a first seating position of the valve member, and urged further into said beveled inner end when the bladder is charged with gas under pressure in a second seating position of the valve member. The inward movement of the valve member is limited by a stop carried by the stem. When the liquid chamber is charged, if the bladder should abut against the resilient valve member, no extrusion of the bladder would occur.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d33 | Structural ceramic article and method of making same | Sintered ceramic articles having a high surface area-to-weight ratio and containing a plurality of ducts that extend through the article to permit fluid flow therethrough are prepared by forming an extrudable admixture of pulverized ceramic material. The admixture is forced through a forming zone in which initial shearing forces form the admixture into a plurality of discrete ribbons, and the discrete ribbons are flowed into the upstream ends of a plurality of spaced, longitudinally-extending members to form a web member containing a plurality of longitudinally-extending ducts as the ribbons flow together about the members. Monolithic ceramic structures formed by the above-described process and including hexagonally-packed circular ducts, that is, circular ducts surrounded by six other circular ducts with each surrounding duct spaced an approximately equal distance from the axis of the circular duct it surrounds, exhibit a desirably high ratio of transverse compressive strength to longitudinal compressive strength.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d34 | Control mechanism for automatically operated warp beams with automatic       setting | In a control mechanism for automatically operating a warp beam in a loom, a comparison regulator is associated with a thread guide roller over which the warp passes and the regulator, through a cam arrangement, operates micro-switches for controlling the operation of an electric motor. The electric motor drives the warp beam through the medium of a variator. Further, an automatic zero setting is associated with the warp beam and operates in cooperation with the variator.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d35 | Harness making apparatus | An apparatus for the orderly dispensing of wire to form a harness, comprising a strand pay out head which is moved by an automated control unit in two dimensions over a layout table having strategically positioned pegs and wire gripping elements thereon such that the wire is engaged in one of the gripping elements, entrained around certain of the pegs, secured in another of the gripping elements and cut, the entire process being performed repeatedly and automatically to lay all of the wires of the particular harness in the required configuration. The wire pay out head has a swivel mounted feed unit which receives wire from a continuous source and ordinarily the end of the wire projects slightly from the feed and is automatically retained by any of the gripping elements upon the passage therethrough of the feed unit, subsequent to which a knife on the pay out device cuts the wire if such is required for the harness being made.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d36 | Soft nose hammer and manufacture thereof | A soft head hammer made by splaying or radially spreading an end of a length of water pipe previously given a plurality of diametrically opposed endwise cuts, and thereafter molding the head of the hammer constituted of a relatively soft and lower melting point material about and into such end of the pipe so as to intimately interlock therewith to oppose separation from the pipe which constitutes the handle.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d37 | Pneumatic tire and wheel assemblies | A pneumatic tire and wheel assembly comprises an enclosing means for a lubricating material which releases the lubricating material into the tire when the tire becomes deflated. A counterbalancing mass counterbalances the mass of the enclosing means and the lubricating material so that when the lubricating material is released the assembly becomes out-of-balance, of which the following is a specification.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d38 | Tire and wheel assembly | A wheel having a pair of spaced-apart seats for tire beads and annular, axially extending rim portions extending from adjacent the bead seats and forming faces against which a sidewall of a tire can be deflected and supported when the tire is deflated.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d39 | Pneumatic tire having lubricant containing pocket integrally formed       therein | A pneumatic tire comprises at least one pocket integrally formed within the tire structure. The pocket is positioned in the tire in the region of or adjacent a portion of the interior surface which contacts a second portion of the interior surface on deflation or under-inflation of the tire during use.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d3a | Method and apparatus for removing tread from tires | A method and apparatus for removing tread from tires preparatory to retreading of the tires in which a tire is mounted on a support and inflated and rotated on the axis of the tire. The tread is removed from the tire by a cutter disc which has cutting elements mounted thereon in an annular path with the annular path being presented to the periphery of the tire. The cutter disc and tire are moved relatively to cause the annular path of the cutter disc in which the cutting elements are mounted to traverse the tire from side to side and in a single pass across the tire the tread is removed therefrom. The relative movements between the tire and the cutter disc are under the control of a cam so that the proper contour is imparted to the periphery of the tire. The cutting elements mounted in the aforesaid annular path of the cutter disc are in the from of sharp edged discs of hard material which take clean chips from the tread of the tire thereby avoiding heating of the tire or the cutting elements and, likewise, eliminating smoke and dust that normally accompanies the removal of tread material by the use of a cutting device employing rasp elements therein.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d3b | Clamping device | A clamping device for a workpiece, in particular a wheel during a tire changing operation, comprising a supporting base, an upright post wich protrudes through the workpiece e.g. the central hole of a wheel and a securing member e.g. a tube or a plate, which may be non-rotatably positioned on the post. A projection on the member engages with the workpiece e.g. a bolt hole of the wheel, whereby on application of a force tending to rotate the workpiece the engagement of the workpiece with projection and member with post prevents rotation of the workpiece.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d3c | Method for manufacturing ingots of high-melting ferroalloys and metal       alloys with good forming properties | Ingots of high-melting ferroalloys and metal alloys with good forming properties are obtained by melting a consumable electrode in a slag bath in an ingot mold while cooling the ingot mold and providing a high pressure gas inert to the slag above the slag bath. The apparatus is a trisectional pressure chamber including an ingot mold which may be surrounded by a pressure container, a bell-type distributing device surrounding and extending above the mold, a cap for the distributing device through which a guide rod for a consumable electrode is introduced into the mold and a gland mounted in the cap for sealing the pressure chamber.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d3d | Continuous centrifugal tube casting apparatus with dry mold and gas       pressure differential | The invention pertains to the continuous centrifugal casting of metallic and non-metallic tube onto the I.D. surface of a rotating hollow cylinder which acts as the initial mold of the tube forming operation. Molten material, to be cast to tube, is continually introduced into the entrance end of the centrifuge and the solidified centrifugally cast tube is continuously extracted from the exit end. The process is greatly enhanced as to casting rates and ease of extraction of the solid cast tube by the techniques of utilizing a vacuum on the interior of the tube, in its molten and solid state, and/or a positive pressure (above ambient) external to the solidified or partially solidified tube at the exit end of the centrifugal casting machine.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d3e | Continuous casting apparatus with flexible starting bar which is       gear-rack supported in storage position | A flexible elongated strand-starting member curved lengthwise in a vertical plane has one end formed for temporarily plugging the bottom of a flow-through continuous casting mold. Extending from the opposite end of the starting member along one of its curved sides is a row of rack teeth. Spaced laterally from the mold and at about the same level is a storage housing that has a substantially vertical passage through it for the starting member, while a pair of reversible pinch rolls located about halfway between the mold and storage housing but at a lower level are in a position to grip the lower end portion of the starting member while its upper end is plugging the mold. The rolls withdraw the starting member and a metal strand attached to it from the mold and feed the starting member up into the storage housing passage where a vertical gear engages the rack teeth. An overrunning clutch operatively connected with the gear permits the gear to free wheel while the starting member is being pushed up through the housing by the pinch rolls until the lower end of the strand is past those rolls. The lower end of the strand then is bent down to separate it from the starting member and to straighten it while the starting member is supported by the gear, which is prevented by the clutch from turning in the reverse direction. After the strand has left the pinch rolls, the clutch is driven at a controlled speed in the direction that will allow the lower end of the stored starting member to return by gravity to those rolls so that it can be fed by them back to the mold.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d3f | Mold for continuous casting of slab ingots | A mold for continuous casting of slab ingots is constructed to have wide sides which extend lower than the narrow sides leaving gaps below the bottom edges of the narrow mold sides in which rolls are placed for engaging the emerging narrow side of the ingot held in the same level still by the wide sides of the mold. The force exerted by these rolls upon the ingot is related to the thickness thereof.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d40 | Apparatus for the preparation and dispensing of soft ice-cream | An apparatus for the preparation and dispensing of portions of soft ice cream comprises a storage tank and a freezing cylinder disposed below the tank and connected thereto by a replenishing duct. The freezing cylinder having a heating device and an agitator in its interior. The heating device being adapted to cause the contents of the freezing cylinder to be partially evaporated and the steam flowing therefrom into the storage tank heats the contents of the tank to a sterilization temperature.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d41 | Heat exchanger | A sludge heat treat system wherein a tube in the tube heat exchanger consists of multiple set of small tubes spaced inside of larger tubes. At the end of each run there is a return bend that conveys the fluid on the inner tube around to the next tube in the tube exchanger and also conveys the outer tube fluid to the next tube system. The inner tube system is carrying sludges that are obtained in a sewage treatment plant or an industrial waste treatment plant or any other type of treatment plant where sludges are produced and it is desired to heat treat these in order to release the bound waters and thereby effect a dewatering of the sludge cake which is not possible without sludge heat treat systems. The outer tube conveys a liquid which is usually water which has been treated. The outer tube conveys a liquid which is usually treated water which gives up the heat from an outside source to the sludge on the inner tube in a consistent manner. The inner tube takes the heat from the sludge and transfers it to the water to preheat the water. The return bend is designed so that the sludge on the inner tube is conveyed through the outside portion of the return bend and the water from the outer tube is channeled through a channel on the inner side of the return bend. Built into the return bend is a heating surface where there can continue to be a transfer of heat between the water and sludge within the return bend.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d42 | Heat exchanger | A heat exchanger of the straight tube type in which different rates of thermal expansion between the straight tubes and the supply pipes furnishing fluid to those tubes do not result in tube failures. The supply pipes each contain a section which is of helical configuration.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d43 | Wellpoint with adjustable valve | A wellpoint having an outer screen pipe, and an inner intake pipe connected to a vacuum source. A positionable valve is mounted between the screen pipe and the intake pipe to regulate the amount of screen pipe surface subject to vacuum by the intake pipe.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d44 | Method of obtaining increased production in wells | In order to increase the productivity of oil and gas wells, hydrochloric acid and phosphoric acid are pumped into the well. Thereafter, aqueous ammonia is forced into the bottom of the well by nitrogen under pressure. This produces a violent exothermic reaction in the formation around the bottom of the well which emulsifies the paraffin and disintegrates the limestone, so as to open the formation by forming large passages and cavities over large areas and distances, permitting the oil or gas to flow freely through the formation to the well bore.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d45 | Wellbore circulating valve | A wellbore circulating valve especially useful in a string of testing tools utilizes a sequentially ratcheted inner mandrel which covers a series of flow ports and is opened by a predetermined sequence of operations which move the mandrel away from the flow ports thereby communicating the annulus with the inner bore of the tool.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d46 | Flame prevention system for fuel tank fires | A device is needed to rapidly suppress gasoline fuel fires which are star as a result of the rupture of military vehicle fuel tanks by armor-piercing projectiles. The present invention contemplates a fuel fire suppressing device in the form of two hollow panels pressurized with a fire suppressant substance, such as Halon 1301; the panels are located in the path that an enemy projectile would take during passage through the fuel tank. The opening formed in each panel by the projectile permits automatic discharge of the pressurized suppressant onto the fuel escaping from the tank.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d47 | Rotary harrows | A cultivator has an elongated frame and a plurality of rotary soil working members mounted side-by-side in a row that extends transverse to the direction of travel. The soil working members have depending tines that rotate about upwardly extending shafts which are connected to horizontal supports for the tines. A screening element extends along the front of the frame and is displaceable relative to the frame via a pivoted arm and spring arrangement that biases the element to a position closely adjacent to the connections between the tines and their supports. The elements are connected to arms that are jack-knifed and pivoted to turn about an axis located above the frame. A rotary soil compressing member may be attached to the rear of the frame.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d48 | Tractor attachment | A tractor attachment adapted for removable mounting on a tractor to provide support for agricultural implements comprises a substantially U-shaped structure having a pair of spaced, substantially parallel arms joined at corresponding ends by a transverse framework having mounting elements adapted to be connected to a tractor's conventional three-point hitch. At the forward ends of the arms are mounted implements such as bean puller units and the length of the arms is such that the implements occupy a position between the front and rear wheels of the tractor. The arms are hinged between their ends to facilitate the mounting and demounting of the attachment to and from the tractor.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d49 | Garden implement | A garden cultivation implement equipped with a plurality of cutting edges for cutting and removing weeds or other undesired growth in the cultivation of a garden. Tines are also provided from the body of the cutter for use as a rake or cultivator and the outer edges of the implement are useful for hilling.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d4a | Tiltable coupling | A tiltable coupling has one end thereof connected to a down-hole drill and has the other end thereof connected to a section of drill rod. By using that tiltable coupling, it is possible to cause a down-hole drill to drill curved holes in subterranean formations. That tiltable coupling serves to connect the section of drill rod to the down-hole drill, and also serves as a conduit for the compressed air which must be supplied to that down-hole drill. One preferred embodiment of the tiltable coupling has a fulcrum at one side thereof and has a piston at the opposite side thereof; and that piston will be left inactive whenever a straight section of the hole is to be drilled, but that piston will be actuated whenever a curved section of that hole is to be drilled. Sensors are incorporated into the tiltable coupling to indicate the attitude of the down-hole drill, and some of them lie in a plane at right angles to the plane in which the axis of the piston lies; and hence those sensors can indicate the attitude of the plane in which the curved section of the hole will lie.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d4b | Weight grading apparatus | A weight grading apparatus with self-compensating adjustment means to maintain accurate grading over a wide range of ambient temperatures. The apparatus comprises a scale beam, a fulcrum, a weight sensing surface on the scale beam on one side of the fulcrum and a spring engaged at one end with a point on the scale beam on the other side of the fulcrum and with the opposite end of the spring engaged with an adjustment head. The adjustment head is adjustable along a path parallel to the axis of the spring.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d4c | Snow vehicle suspension system | A suspension system for snow vehicles of the type comprising a pair of steerable skis which are attached to the forward end of the vehicle by means of leaf springs, the suspension system including a pair of direct acting, telescopic shock absorbers cooperable with the leaf spring assemblies and operatively connected thereto by pairs of adaptor or attachment bracket assemblies that permit the shock absorbers to be conveniently surmounted directly above the respective leaf spring assemblies without interfering with either the mounting means therefor or the steering shafts of the vehicle, whereby the shock absorbers may cooperate with the leaf spring assemblies in damping impact forces and providing for better steering and a more safe, stable and controlled ride as the vehicle traverses relatively irregular or rough terrain.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d4d | Motorized scaffold attachment | A small portable motorized attachment for propelling portable scaffolds from place to place is provided comprising a pair of electrically operated propulsion units adapted to detachably replace the front caster wheels of a scaffold and a control means for operating the units, each unit comprising a base having a propulsion wheel operatively connected to a friction drive means and a motor swingably cantilevered from the base with the weight of the cantilevered assembly pressing a gear driven friction drive wheel into engagement with the propulsion wheel so that the units when stably connected with one another in place on the scaffold act in unison to brake, clutch and propel the scaffold.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d4e | Protective guard assembly for track drive motors | A track-type vehicle comprises a pair of laterally spaced track assemblies adjustably mounted on a frame of the vehicle for movement between maximum and minimum gauge widths thereof. A guard assembly is mounted on the frame to fully cover and protect the motors when the track assemblies are positioned at each such gauge width. The guard assembly is preferably attached to the frame by three laterally spaced pin connections which further function to transmit towing forces to the frame directly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d4f | Vehicle drive and suspension | Disclosed is a novel vehicle suspension and drive means, comprising a drive haft extending parallel to the longitudinal axis of the vehicle, and a torsion-transmitting suspension rod extending from a wheel road arm across the drive shaft axis. The suspension rod is specially formed with a clearance opening that accommodates the drive shaft in a non-obstructing relationship. The drive shaft transmits driving force to a drive sleeve that encircles the torsion transmitting rod. A special anti-friction bearing is provided for the drive sleeve.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d50 | Electric drive for wheel chairs | In a wheelchair, battery operated electric driving means for driving two wheels each mounted on a wheel plate connected to the wheelchair frame. For each driven wheel a motor is carried on the wheel plate and drive is transmitted to a pinion fixed on the wheel through a pivotal gear carrier carrying one or two idler gears in constant mesh with the fixed pinion, but movable into or out of mesh with a motor driven pinion on controlled pivotal movement of the gear carrier.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d51 | Motor vehicle battery holder | A motor vehicle has an enclosed battery storage compartment with a door separating the compartment from an adjacent support surface that has been roughened to reduce slippage of persons stepping thereon. A battery holder has a mounting base in the compartment and a battery cell support tray mounted on wheels for rolling between a position on top of the mounting base, where the battery cells are housed, and a position on the surface, where the battery cells are inspected and serviced. Mounted to the tray is a handle having a horizontally extending grip portion for grasping to move the handle or tray and a vertical projecting lock portion for engaging a keeper, mounted on the mounting base, to lock the tray in a stationary position. When the handle is in a tray locking position, the grip portion of the handle extends adjacent the tray and the compartment door can be closed, retaining the handle in its locked position. When the door is opened and the handle unlocked, the grip portion of the handle extends outwardly from the tray for moving the tray. Stops limit the outward movement of the tray from the compartment onto the adjacent support surface and guides are provided to restrain tray movement laterally of the normal direction of movement between the compartment and the support surface. Wheel retainers are provided to limit upward movement of the tray above the base.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d52 | Track tension control | A known vehicle normally operating on independently suspended trailing arms nd pneumatic tires can be converted to a tracked vehicle by wrapping endless tracks around the tire tread areas in multiples of two. An expansible wheel-connector device is provided for causing the trailing arms and wheels to deflect in unison, thereby maintaining track tension and tire-track interengagement, minimizing uneven final drive torque loadings, and relieving the wheel bearing loads brought on by the addition of the track.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d53 | Power-assisted steering gear | A power-assisted steering gear for a road vehicle and of the kind having a fluid-pressure actuated device which is controlled by a valve that is itself actuable in use by the driver of a vehicle in which the steering gear is mounted, the valve incorporating a pair of relatively movable valve members, wherein there are provided means responsive in use to vehicle road speed and means offering resistance to such relative movement of the valve members, with the road speed responsive means being operatively connected to the resistance offering means and being arranged so that in use as the vehicle road speed increases, or at a predetermined vehicle road speed the resistance offered by the resistance offering means to relative movement between the valve members is increased.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d54 | Transmission shifting control system | A bistable memory circuit is set by a first output signal produced when the driver is absent from his seat of the vehicle to produce an output signal and is reset by a second output signal produced when the driver sits down on his seat but fails to carry out a precautionary safety procedure to protect him to cease to produce the output signal. An AND gate circuit produces an output signal only when an output signal produced when the driver sits down on his seat and the output signal of the bistable memory circuit are concurrently present. An OR gate circuit produces an output signal when at least one of the second output signal and the output signal of the AND gate circuit is present to energize a solenoid to render shifting of the transmission from a parking or neutral position into a driving gear impossible.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d55 | Method of detecting leak of fluid from a long pipeline | A system for systematical detecting a leak of fluid from a long pipe comprising a plurality of apparatuses like microphones set at relatively large intervals within a relatively long limited space, formed by utilizing the wall of the pipe like a space within the pipe and extending longitudinally of the pipe. The apparatuses intercept sonic waves caused by the leak of fluid from the pipe propagated in the limited space. The system further includes an apparatus for detecting that at least one first-mentioned apparatus has intercepted the sonic wave caused by the fluid leak.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d56 | Noise reduction kit for can closing machine | The purpose of the machine noise reduction kit is to provide a noise attenuating apparatus for closing machines used for seaming end covers on metal, cardboard, paper or seamable type cans or containers. The reason for developing the noise reduction kit was to protect the machine operator from excessive noise levels as defined by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration better known as OSHA. The kit has been detail designed, fabricated and installed on a can closing machine with a reduction in noise at the operator's position from 98 dBA to 86 dBA. In addition to being a noise attenuating device, the use of the kit eliminates the splashing and drainage of spilled product onto the floor around the machine, thereby improving sanitary conditions in the plants.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d57 | Noise reduction kit for can closing machine | The purpose of the machine noise reduction kit is to provide a noise attenuating apparatus for closing machines used for seaming end covers on metal, cardboard, paper or seamable type cans or containers. The reason for developing the noise reduction kit was to protect the machine operator from excessive noise levels as defined by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, better known as OSHA. The kit has been detail designed, fabricated and installed on a can closing machine with a reduction in noise at the operator's position from 98 dBA to 86 dBA. In addition to being a noise attenuating device, the use of the kit eliminates the splashing and drainage of spilled product onto the floor around the machine, thereby improving sanitary conditions in the plants.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d58 | Sound insulating hoods for noise emitting apparatus | A sound insulating hood or cover for a noise emitting apparatus such as teleprinter having a bottom portion, two side walls, a front wall, a back wall and an upper portion. The inner dimension of the hood slightly exceeds the dimension of the apparatus. At least the front wall being constructed to co-act with rest of the hood via a hinged joint, enabling the front wall to pivot to a position exposing and to a position enclosing the apparatus. In exposed position the apparatus can be withdrawn from the hood to a position suitable for servicing, inspection and the like.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d59 | Damping element | A damping element comprising fiberous fuseable material shaped to form a cup-like member which may be inserted in the sound openings of an acoustic transducer to provide a selected acoustic resistance.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d5a | Low distortion pyramidal dispersion speaker | A loudspeaker horn has a conical section adapted to receive the driver assembly of a speaker system at the small cone end. An exponential section secured to the large cone end, concentrically with the cone longitudinal axis, flares outwardly to terminate in a square cross-section horn mouth. A raised lip secured around the periphery of the horn mouth diffracts sound symmetrically through a dispersion angle of about 120.degree. with a drop of about six decibels or less.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d5b | Removable step climbing assembly | A removable step climbing assembly that includes a number of longitudinally separated, confined space defining pairs of brackets alternately located on opposite side of a vertically extending rigid member, such as a mast of a ship or the like. A pair of step defining units are provided each of which units includes a pair of longitudinally spaced flanges that may removably and concurrently engage the confined spaces of two of the pairs of brackets on opposite sides of the elongate member. As a person climbs up or down the elongate member, the step defining units are sequentially removed from the brackets in which they are supported and moved to adjacent free bracket to permit the person to use the units as steps in ascending or descending the elongate member. Resilient triggers are provided that automatically interlock with the bracket to prevent inadvertent disengagement of the step defining unit therefrom. The resilient triggers may be manually disengaged from the bracket by the user as the step defining units are moved upwardly or downwardly on the elongate member.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d5c | Lift vehicle | A lift assembly for an industrial vehicle, e.g. a fork-lift truck, comprises a pair of transversely spaced uprights mounted upon a common tiltable frame formed with cylinders for plunger-type pistons carried by the vertically displaceable members of the lift device. The latter members surround the uprights and preferably are in the form of one-piece tubes of cylindrical configuration. A lift carriage (fork) is shiftable upon these members and is engaged by the end of a chain passing over a pulley or sprocket wheel carried by the vertically shiftable members for relative displacement of the carriage and the latter members.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d5d | Disc brakes for vehicles | A disc brake for use on automotive vehicles comprising a hydraulic cylinder housing located on one side of a rotatable brake disc, wherein a rigid stationary member has at each side a torque taking arm for absorbing the brake torque created on friction pads during brake application, said torque taking arm being extended above and across the brake disc as straight as a rail at the other side of the disc.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d5e | Column of adjustable height | In a column of telescopically adjustable height, the two coaxial telescoping members may be adjusted axially after a control button in an axial bore of one member is depressed. A bracket, longitudinally split into two members, passes into the bore through a radial opening of the one column member and is anchored axially and radially by conforming engagement with the column member. The operating lever for the control button is pivoted between the bracket members outside the column bore so that a small angular movement of the exposed lever part causes the terminal part of the lever in the bore abuttingly to engage the control button and to depress the same.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d5f | Device for driving a power window | A device for preventing the reversal of a power window motor, wherein when the motor is normally actuated, a coiled spring loosely fitted on a core coupled with a worm gearing is contracted by the core, and the friction between the outer periphery of the coiled spring and the inner periphery of a drum is weakened, so that an output piece is rotated to open or close window glass, while when it is intended to manually push down or pull up the window glass, the coiled spring is expanded by a dog of the output piece, and the friction is strengthened, so that the turning of the dog is checked to brake the output piece.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d60 | Chute for front end discharge concrete mixers | A fluid motor actuator, including a hydraulic cylinder, includes a cam which is extended to become engagable with a cam follower of an extension chute section which is hinged and folded within a first chute section during transport. When the cam engages the follower of the retracted extension chute section, the cam causes the extension section to pivot out of its retracted position so that both chute sections form a unitary elongated chute adapted for receiving and directing the flow of concrete from the bowl of the mixer to the construction site. The extension chute section is retracted when the pour is completed and the cam is moved to non-interfering relation with the chute against the yieldable resistance of a spring.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d61 | Bar stock silencer tube | There is provided an improved bar stock feed tube characterized by its ability to reduce noise level. The tube structure is composed of inner and outer tubes defining an annular space therebetween, the annular space being sealed at each end and being filled with a particulate material, particularly metallic shot, e.g. lead.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d62 | Power driven typewriter with flexible type head | A power driven typewriter comprising a shiftable carrier supporting a rotatable and axially movable flexible type drum having a plurality of circumferentially extending rows of type characters thereon. Type keys, when depressed, each condition one each of two groups of actuators and cause operation of a power driven cyclically operable clutch which drives a power bail to operate the two conditioned actuators, one of which is effective to rotate the type drum from any position it may be in to a new position and the other actuator being effective to raise or lower the type drum from any position it may be in to a new position to thus align a type character corresponding to the key depressed at the printing position. Upon alignment of a selected type character, the type drum is flexed radially to cause an imprint. Means are provided to dampen torsional oscillation, wobble, etc. of the drum prior to imprinting.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d63 | Automatic line finder and line counter | An automatic line finder and line counter apparatus is provided for use with an automatic typewriter system of the type including a typewriter and a magnetic record unit. The line finder and line counter comprises thumbwheel switches, a counter, and logic circuit means responsive to signals from the counter and the automatic typewriter system for controlling the line spacing or indexing mechanism of the typewriter. When the typewriter system is not in the automatic playback mode in the line finder and line counter apparatus performs normal line finding and normal line counting. When the system is in the automatic playback mode the line find and line counter apparatus performs automatic line finding and automatic line counting. Automatic line finding permits unattended continuous playback of variable length messages on constant length continuous forms.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d64 | Apparatus for aligning elongated articles | In apparatus for aligning a stream of elongate articles, such as chocolate bars, delivered in a randomly ordered arrangement to a turntable, the apparatus including a stationary guide rail disposed above the turntable and extending along a path which spirals outwardly away from the axis of turntable rotation, the speed and reliability of the aligning operation are improved by forming the guide rail to have a series of breaks in the guide path which it defines and by disposing the rail so that articles come to abut only against the surface thereof which faces away from the turntable axis.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d65 | Apparatus for separating a series of objects | Apparatus for conveying a continuous series of flat items along a path while in an upright position and in contact with one another and for dividing the series of items into successive separate groups at the end of the conveying path by insertion of a separator member behind the last item of the group then being separated, with the separation into groups being facilitated by causing the end portion of the conveying path, which carries the items being separated into a group, to be pivotal about an axis transverse to the conveying direction and lying in the plane of insertion movement of the separator member, and by constituting the separator member of a first component movable only perpendicularly to the fixed portion of the conveying path for retaining the items upstream of the group being formed, and a second component movable perpendicularly to the end portion of the conveying path and pivotal therewith for engaging the last item of the group being formed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d66 | Accumulating conveyor and control means | An accumulating conveyor for pallets which maintains the pallets in a predetermined spaced relation along the conveyor. A pallet on the discharge end of the conveyor will cause the subsequent pallets to stop along the conveyor at predetermined intervals. This separation is maintained for the pallets. The drive of the conveying mechanism comprises a single chain and individual spaced wear strips which are each raised to drive the pallet and are controlled by spaced controls engageable with the pallets such that the pallets control the operation of the conveyor drive.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d67 | Apparatus for orienting and accumulating containers | An apparatus for transporting and accumulating containers, specifically oval containers. A pair of opposed side guides are mounted adjacent a conveyer and define a transporting passage therebetween having a width only slightly greater than the small diameter of the containers so that the containers are transported therethrough in a direction substantially parallel with their long diameters. The conveyer has a further pair of side guides associated therewith spaced downstream from the first-mentioned side guides and spaced apart by distance substantially equal to the long diameter of the containers for permitting the containers to be accumulated substantially adjacent one another with the containers disposed with the long diameters thereof extending substantially transverse to the direction of conveyer travel. The first and second sets of side guides are connected by a set of inclined side guides which gradually taper outwardly from the first set to the second set for enabling the individual containers to be gradually turned through approximately 90.degree. relative to the conveyer as they are transported from the transporting zone into the accumulating zone.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d68 | Method for a surface treatment of an iron, ferrous alloy or cemented       carbide article | A method for a surface treatment to form a hard layer including a IV-b group element of the Periodic Table on the surface of an iron, ferrous alloy or cemented carbide article in a molten bath, comprising preparing the molten bath composed of boron oxide and a IV-b group element, immersing the article in the molten bath and applying an electric current to the molten bath through said article, said article being used as the cathode, thereby forming a very hard layer comprising the carbide of said IV-b group element on the surface of said article. The method of this invention can quickly form a uniform and dense hard layer on the surface of the article and can be carried out in the open air.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d69 | Combined packaging and display box | A jewelry display and packaging box has a bottom and a cover connected together by a hinge for swinging to open and closed positions. The bottom has an upwardly facing display panel on which a piece of jewelry is detachably supported in a display position. The cover has a large concavity therein which faces toward the box bottom in the closed position of the cover. A jewelry support is mounted on the box and has one or more jewelry supporting portions which are disposed in spaced relation to the walls of the concavity, and above the level of the panel. The portions are arranged to suspend one or more articles of jewelry in spaced relation above, and in overhanging relation to, that portion of the display panel which is adjacent the hinge, and so that the articles extend partway into the concavity and hang in spaced relation to the concavity walls and can dangle and swing freely, whereby rays of light reflected and refracted from each dangling article continuously shift directions. Closure of the cover moves the support and each article supported thereby to a position in which the articles are fully enclosed in the box in spaced relation to the article of jewelry on the panel.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d6a | Display container | A display container comprising a molded plastic base having spaced elongated oval sides tapering to a open curved front end and a larger curved rear end. A bottom wall extends integrally from the periphery of the sides in a continuous length from a point on the top adjacent the front, around the front end, along the bottom, around the rear end, and on to the top. The opening extends from the front to the rear edge of this wall. The sides have opposed grooves extending adjacent the edges. A plastic flexible cover is slidably mounted in the grooves so that when it is pulled forwardly against the front edge of the wall, the container is closed, and when it is pushed rearwardly, the container is opened. An elongated bar is pivotally mounted adjacent the front end. A support extends from the bar designed to hold an article, such as a travel clock, or a watch, for display. The grooves are curved forwardly and upwardly to direct the rear edge of the cover against the support adjacent the pivot bar when the cover is pushed rearwardly to opne the container. This will tilt the bar and support upwardly to display the contents in a tilted position. When the cover is moved toward closed position the support drops back into the container.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d6b | Container package | Packaging in the form of a carrier for holding and carrying a plurality of containers such as cans, bottles, jars and the like is disclosed. The carrier comprises at least one packaging band which completely encloses a plurality of containers arranged in at least one row while incompletely enclosing the periphery of any individual container. At least one carrying band is associated with the at least one packaging band to provide means for grasping and lifting the container package. Several combinations of enclosed rows, each containing a plurality of containers, are disclosed along with appropriate carrying bands.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d6c | Multipack means for packaging a plurality of cathode ray tubes | An improved multipack container is provided for accommodating a plurality of cathode ray tubes during transportation and storage. The altered construction includes basic top and bottom rigid closure members formed of flame retardant plastic material. Positioned peripherally therebetween are two substantially U-shaped edge-oriented areal support members, such being opposingly located between the superjacently related ledges of the respective closure members. Since the forward portions of the U-shaped supports do not meet, a beneficial window opening is provided on either side of the multipack structure. Internal supportive and protective structural means are predeterminately located between the closures in a manner spaced from the peripheral support members. Upon assembly of the multipack container and placement of the tubes therein, a tight covering of plastic material is applied to contiguously encompass the complete multipack to provide a unitized assemblage. The reinforced construction effects a firmly secured multipack having flame retardative features, improved structural rigidity and enhanced protective characteristics.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d6d | Sterilizable, peelable pouch or tray assembly | A sterilizable, peelable pouch or tray for medical and surgical equipment. The pouch comprises two superimposed sheets, preferably of autoclavable plastic, interconnected by an edge-strip of folded-over plastic affixed to the exterior surfaces of the sheet. The strip extends around at least a portion of the perimeter of the sheet edges and serves to provide a readily separable interconnection between the sheets. The sheets are separated by merely peeling one sheet back, thereby ripping the folded-over strip at the juncture between the two sheets. The tray assembly is similar with an upper plastic sheet removably, peelably affixed to a lower formed plastic cardboard or metal tray by the perimeter strips.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d6e | Sheet feeding mechanisms | A sheet feeding mechanism is described in which the sheets in a batch of sheets are sorted into different output stackers. The sheet feeding mechanism includes a buffer store for receiving and temporarily holding a batch of sheets while a predetermined batch value is verified, and a batch verifier responsive to the passage of each sheet along a given path for comparing a measured batch value with a reference value to derive an error signal. The sheets are extracted from the store one by one and a sheet sorting mechanism sorts the sheets into different output stackers. The sorting mechanism includes means responsive to the output of the verifier for segregating the sheets of the batch extracted from the store whenever the error exceeds a predetermined value.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d6f | System for testing paper money and the like | To test the genuineness and/or condition of dollar bills or other substantially identical papers, one or more thickness gauges are positioned in the path of these papers and determine the deviations, if any, of the thickness of a passing specimen from a predetermined value or from the thickness of a reference specimen scanned concurrently therewith. The measured deviations are fed into a processor which counts positive or negative deviations within a multiplicity of incremental periods and determines the nature of any irregularity from the count of deviations of either sign. With three gauges measuring thickness along as many parallel tracks, the system may discriminate among such irregularities as gaps, overlappings, adhesive tape and dog-eared corners.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d70 | Balancing system for high capacity cranes | A high capacity crane which has a wheeled or tracked chassis carrying a support structure rotatable about a vertical axis and including a jib and a counter-jib. An arcuate beam centered on the axis of rotation is anchored to the ground and carries a connector movable along the beam to which connector the counter-jib is in turn anchored.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d71 | Boat loading device for high top vehicles | An elongated support arm is provided and pivotally supported from an elevated portion of one marginal portion of a vehicle onto whose top a boat is to be placed. The support arm is pivoted to the vehicle for swaying movement of the arm about a horizontal axis generally parallelling the marginal portion of the vehicle from which it is supported between a lowered position with the free end of the arm inclined downwardly and outwardly for contact with the surface upon which the vehicle rests and a raised position with the free end of the arm swung upward to a position with the arm vertically disposed and the free end thereof generally aligned with the top of the vehicle onto which the associated boat is to be positioned. The elevated portion of the vehicle to which the support arm is pivotally attached is disposed at a height equal to at least one half the effective length of the support arm and the free end of the support arm includes mounting structure pivotally supported from the support arm and releasably anchorable to the upper marginal portion of a boat to be loaded on top of the vehicle.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d72 | Coil lifting apparatus and method | Apparatus and method for lifting the top coil from a stack of coils. The apparatus includes a housing which is to be attached to the forks of the fork lift truck and a hook suspended from the housing wherein the hook is adapted to facilitate removal of a coil from a stack and its subsequent transport. The method involves the steps of offsetting a top coil from a stack of coils so as to position a portion of its inner core to overhang the cores of the remaining coils in the stack, and thereafter engaging such overhanging portion of the top coil to lift it from the stack and transport it to a desired location.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d73 | Implement device and method of mounting same on tractor | A front end loader with a scoop, where the scoop is pivoted on the boom by a hydraulic cylinder extending between the legs of an A-frame having its legs pivoted respectively to the center of the forward end of the boom and to the scoop with the scoop also being pivoted to the boom. The cross members on which the A-frame is mounted have straight center portions and outwardly flared end portions to space the center portions from the forward end of the tractor. A removable blade is provided on the scoop and is held in position by a plurality of bolts extending through the bottom wall of the scoop into the blade and the blade is provided with an upstanding shoulder engaging the forward edge of the bottom wall of the scoop.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d74 | Retractable chain lifting device | A unique retractable lifting device includes a plurality of modular overlapping links joined by connecting pins and having central stabilizer pins. The links are retractable into a vertical plane and are extendible into a self-supporting horizontal plane.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d75 | Bottle cap | A bottle cap comprises a cap member the lower end of whose skirt forms a ring detachable from the remainder of that member along a line of perforations, and a cylindrical skirt member which extends inside of and is fastened to that ring.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d76 | Pry-off closure cap | An improved pry-off closure cap is described. The cap has a composite structure comprising a metal cover disc held in a molded plastic ring. The plastic ring has an inner groove for retaining the metal cover and container engaging means consisting of either spaced lugs or a continuous bead positioned on a depending skirt portion of the ring and positioned below the cover retaining groove.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d77 | Storage installation for liquefied gas | In a storage installation for liquefied gas in a storage vessel surrounded by a wall which forms a collecting space around the vessel, the surfaces of the ground of the collecting space and/or the wall comprise a layer of a heat insulating material, whereby any liquefied gas collected in said collecting space evaporates more slowly thereby reducing hazard from gas vaporized in said collecting space.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d78 | Container construction | A container, particularly one made of synthetic material or steel, compri a cylindrical container shell with a bottom or end closing each end of cylindrical shape and each end closing portion having a longitudinal axis extending perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the shell. The closing end portions comprise half cylinders having diameters equal to the diameter of the cylindrical shell.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d79 | Beer can structure | A can structure suitable for packaging beer or the like includes an indicator formed integral with one end wall. The indicator provides visual, tactile and audible indication of the quality of the product in the can. Various specific indicator structures are disclosed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d7a | Container (or vessel) with a cover | A container having a cover, the container having a rim and a first curled edge at the rim, a portion of the first curled edge having its biggest diameter in a plane perpendicular to the center line of the container, the cover having a second curled edge gripping around the first curled edge, the second curled edge including a circumferential cutting line which flows up and down with peaks at a region of or above the portion of the first curl having the biggest diameter and with valleys underneath the portion.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d7b | Pivot hinge for an apparatus cover hood | A pivot hinge for an apparatus cover hood comprising sleeves concentric to the pivot axis and axially displaceably yet non-rotatably arranged relative to the housing bottom part on the latter, and the face sides of the sleeves, respectively, being formed with curved courses. A cam is pivotally mounted about the pivot axis and with respect to the cover hood rotates therewith. Compression springs press the axially displaceable sleeves, respectively, with their curved courses against the cam, whereby the inclination of the curved courses relative to the radial plane of the sleeves and the measure or adjustment of the compression springs being selected such that within a predetermined rotation range of the cam about the axis, which corresponds substantially to the opening movement of the cover hood, there is produced a rotational moment with respect to the axis which corresponds in every position within the rotation range substantially to the rotational moment which is produced by the cover hood as a consequence of its gravity force, yet in an opposite rotational sense.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d7c | Article feeding device | A machine that constantly feeds essentially small magnetizable parts or hardware one or a few at a time to an orienting device, chutes or other equipment for use in manufacturing or assembly operations is disclosed. The machine translates these parts from the upper border or edge of a mass of such parts.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d7d | Components feeding devices | A vibratory hopper for feeding wired electrical components such as capacitors, resistors one by one to a work station includes a pair of non-vibratory guide members mounted on a stationary frame member independent of the hopper, the components being fed between the nose portion of a strip clamped to a stationary member and the pair of non-vibratory guide members into a channel formed between parallel zigzag guides located intermediate the hopper and the work station.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d7e | Chemical dispensing anti-burglary device | A chemical dispensing anti-burglary device is disclosed in which a chemical irritant such as tear gas is discharged into the area to be protected when an intruder opens a window or a door or forces open a window or a door to enter a private or unauthorized area with which the device is associated. The anti-burglary device employs a spring biased firing member for discharging a chemical irritant from a pressurized container. An improved means for releasably retaining the firing member in a cocked position and improved mechanical and electromechanical means for releasing the chemical irritant are described.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d7f | Liquid dispensing apparatus | A liquid dispensing apparatus for sequentially gravity feeding the liquid contents from a plurality of liquid containers into a closed manifold for selective dispensing therefrom. The manifold itself is disposed in a generally horizontal position and includes a plurality of individual container receivers extending generally vertically upward therefrom and in liquid communication therewith. Each receiver includes means for supporting a liquid container in an inverted, vertically disposed position with successive ones of the containers having their liquid outlets positioned at a different vertical level than the liquid outlet levels of the other containers. This arrangement permits the establishment of an initial steady state liquid level wherein all the container liquid outlets are at least covered by liquid to prevent further liquid flow therefrom. When a selected portion of liquid is removed from the manifold for dispensing or other use, the initial steady state liquid level is temporarily lowered so as to uncover the highest vertically disposed container liquid outlet. This uncovering permits air to flow into the container to facilitate liquid flow therefrom until the initial steady state liquid level is again reestablished to block further liquid flow. At all times during liquid dispensing from the manifold itself, replacement liquid is only drawn from the container having its liquid opening at the highest vertical level and which also has liquid therein. The arrangement further includes a normally closed flow valve associated with each container. A container support and sealing means is provided for each receiver to assure proper location and retention of the containers relative thereto.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d80 | Cap for caulking cartridge | A cap for a caulking cartridge of the type having an elongated dispensing spout extending generally coaxially outward from one end thereof. The cap includes a spout receiver which, when the cap is in position, closely embraces a portion of the elongated spout to prevent undesired emission and hardening of the caulking or the like compound during cartridge storage between uses. The cap also includes a resilient u-shaped bead receiver for closely engaging the end of the caulking cartridge adjacent the dispensing spout and structure releasing the cap from its engaging position. The releasing structure may also be used for conveniently hanging the cartridge during storage. The cap is dimensioned so at least the outermost end may be received in another, substantially identical cartridge at the opposite end from its dispensing end for ease of packing, shipping and shelf storage purposes as to a substantial number of the cartridges having the caps. A forming blade may be attached to the side of the cap.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d81 | Injection molding device with back pressure control of screw movement | A method of and apparatus for injection molding of materials such, for example, as thermoplastic resinous material, utilizing a rotatable and reciprocal screw extruder for plasticizing and injecting the material into a mold cavity, and wherein an injection piston in a cylinder is operatively connected to the plasticizing screw to push the screw forward to effect injection into a mold of plasticized material in front of the screw. A supply of fluid pressure is positively applied to the injection piston to provide a back pressure to act against the reaction caused by the rotation of the plasticizing screw, and this back pressure may be regulated to correspond with the rearward displacement, of the screw.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d82 | Sheet material pin feed tractor mechanism | A drive for advancing paper or other sheet material through a printing station, or the like, including: a toothed, flexible belt carrying spaced pins for engaging the sheet material, the belt having a respective drive sprocket engaging tooth for each pin; a drive sprocket with which the belt teeth are engaged and including grooves for receiving and engaging the belt teeth; a stationsry idler guide cooperating with the drive sprocket for tensioning and guiding the belt. The support frames for the pins on the belt are designed to prevent the pins from twisting during paper and feed operations. A linear guide serves to maintain the pins in alignment; a mounting means clamps the drive sprocket to a drive shaft without play therebetween.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d83 | Apparatus for transferring threads from the spinning and finishing part of a machine for continuous production of artificial threads to the take-up and winding arrangement thereof | An apparatus for transferring threads from the spinning-cum-finishing part of a machine for continuous production of artificial threads to the take-up and winding arrangement thereof includes thread guiding tubes with thread guides for centering the thread along the axis of the tube and an ejector nozzle for feeding a stream of air together with the thread into each respective tube. The thread guide situated at the exit end of the tube includes a cup-shaped member with an aperture made through the center of the bottom thereof and a port made in the side wall of the member, communicating with the aperture. There is mounted adjacent to the cup-shaped member, in opposition to the port thereof, a screen for slowing down the air stream issuing from the tube together with the thread. This structure prevents misdirecting of the thread to the nearby parts and stations of the take-up and winding arrangement.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d84 | Low inertia capstan | A resiliently deformable low inertia capstan for driving magnetic tape in a digital tape transport is comprised substantially of plastic material having a low elastic modulus and provides substantial rigidity in a circumferential direction as well as accepting substantial deformation in other directions without damage. The capstan includes a rigid inner hub defining a concentric cylinder, a thin-walled cylindrical outer rim disposed concentrically about the inner hub, and a pair of thin-walled, somewhat conical side members interconnecting the hub and rim at opposite ends thereof. Circumferential grooves in the outer surface of the rim improve capstan aerodynamics and a thin coating of polyurethane on the lands of the rim improves the coefficient of friction. Holes through the outer rim reduce the inertia of the capstan, may be selectively spaced to indicate a desired rotational velocity when strobed at a selected frequency by a light source, and may be used in conjunction with negative or positive fixed pressure to respectively increase or decrease frictional engagement between a driven tape and the rim.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d85 | Walking stick and staple fastening tool | A fastening tool on the end of a stick operated from a comfortable erect and standing position with but one hand of the operator capable of being easily converted to a hand tool wherein the foot arming function becomes one for the hand, having a trip device which fires the stapler upon contact with the deck when the stick is lowered slightly by a flip of the wrist for arming the same, and capable of rolling thereon without lifting therefrom.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d86 | Method of fabricating a conformable sandwich structure | A method of fabricating a sandwich structure consisting of a compliant sheet and a rigid sheet, the sheets being separated by a core. The compliant sheet is adapted to conform to the shape of the rigid sheet and the irregularities of the core through the utilization of the compliant sheet as an integral part of the tooling to provide a self-contained vacuum bag, wherein the compliant sheet is caused to be formed into intimate contact with the core.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d87 | Method and apparatus for securing wires to connector terminals | An apparatus for soldering a wire to a terminal includes a plurality of connector clamps secured to a turntable for positioning each clamped connector adjacent a hot air blower. The hot air blower blows hot air toward a solder ring and heat shrinkable tube surrounding the wire and a corresponding connector terminal for melting the solder and shrinking the tube. The apparatus includes a baffle for redirecting the blown hot air back toward the solder ring and tube assembly for preheating the assembly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d88 | Container and blanks therefor | A tubular fiberboard container is formed from a tubular body having, at at least one end thereof, a flat, disk-shaped end closure supported by closure supporting panels formed from the same piece of blank material as the tubular body, or supported in part by such panels and in part by a metal band or clamp.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d89 | Centrifuge | A centrifuge with a solid-walled drum subdivided into two zones, in the first of which the movement of the solids is controlled by a pushing means, and in the second of the two zones a deposition channel for the solids is arranged, said channel being located outside the region of said pushing means and having a bottom outlet for the solids.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d8a | Centrifuge preventing air admission during sludge discharge | The centrifuge comprises a centrifugal bowl having means for alternately opening and closing its outer periphery to discharge separated sludge intermittently from the separating chamber, there being a stationary paring disk in a paring chamber of the bowl for discharging separated liquid from the bowl while its outer periphery is closed to maintain a normal liquid level in the bowl. The paring chamber has an air passage located radially inward toward the bowl axis from this normal liquid level and adapted to discharge air from the bowl to atmosphere while the liquid is at said normal level, the liquid level moving radially outward in response to opening of the bowl's outer periphery. A dam rotating with the bowl limits this outward movement of the liquid level in the paring chamber so as to maintain therein a minimum liquid level during the sludge discharge, and means in the paring chamber are operable at this minimum liquid level to prevent air from being sucked into the bowl through the air passage during the sludge discharge.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d8b | Method and apparatus for obtaining accurately the angle of attack of an       aircraft | This invention relates to a method and apparatus for obtaining the angle of attack of an aircraft developed as a result of an appropriate processing of the vertical speed, the airspeed, and the pitch attitude of the aircraft. The latter involves resolving the inverse sine of the vertical speed signal over the airspeed signal, and subsequently differentially combining the end product of the inverse sine computation and the chord line angle signal. The air speed signal is corrected by a corrective network which receives a feedback signal proportional to the angle of attack as well as a signal proportional to drift angle.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d8c | Air conditioning control system and method | A multiple zone air conditioning control system is disclosed in which air temperatures in respective individual zones are governed according to signals derived from sensed air temperatures in the respective zones and sensed temperature of air discharged to the respective zones. A zone set back unit is employed for setting back the air temperatures in all or any individual ones of the zones. The set back unit superimposes a set back signal on the temperature signals from the set back zones to effect a reduction of the air temperature in those zones as well as to prevent the sensed temperatures of air discharged to those zones from affecting the set back signal. The maintenance of air temperatures in zones which are not set back is unaffected by operation of the set back unit.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d8d | Humidity control system and humidity responsive control device therefor | A fluid control system being responsive to humidity conditions as sensed by a humidity responsive control device that controls a fluid bleed means of the control system in response to humidity conditions sensed thereby, the humidity responsive control device having a flapper spring lever pivotally carried by a frame in a cantilevered manner and having a free end controlling a bleed valve seat. The flapper spring lever has a normal bias to tend to move the flapper end to one of its pivoted positions relative to the valve seat and is operatively associated with an actuating lever by a spring means, the actuating lever being controlled by a humidity sensing means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d8e | Check valve having temperature response | A thermally sensitive check valve is disclosed in which a bimetallic snap disc functions in one position as the check valve element and in another position to either maintain the valve open as in one illustrated embodiment, or to maintain the valve closed as illustrated in another embodiment. By combining the check valve function and the valving function in a single bimetallic snap disc, a simple and reliable device is provided.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d8f | Device for spraying a traveling paper web or the like | Device for spraying a traveling paper web or the like with a liquid under the influence of an electrostatic high voltage includes spray nozzle means for spraying the liquid through a given space and onto the web, high voltage source means, electrode means connected to the high voltage source means and energizable thereby to ionize the space through which the liquid is sprayed, and means for grounding the web and the spray nozzle means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d90 | Spray gun with low pressure air | A spray gun with a retractable stem for opening a spray jet to the outflow of a liquid to be sprayed, also opens the compressed air inlet upon rearward movement of the stem. The compressed air flows about the stem and into a venturi throat through which the stem passes. The venturi educts atmospheric air so that the air that atomizes the liquid is at greatly reduced pressure. Rearward movement of the stem is also effected by compressed air that actuates a piston to move the stem rearwardly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d91 | Water blast apparatus | Apparatus including the combination of a nozzle adapted for connection to a source of fluid under pressure and having a port for discharging a jet fluid axially of the port and a wall mounted in spaced relation to the port and generally across its axis and having an opening dimensioned for passage therethrough of the jet when the port and wall opening are in registration, and wherein the wall and nozzle are mounted for relative displacement for moving the port and opening into and out of registration; and manually engageable means for effecting such relative displacement. Additionally a housing is provided around the nozzle to form a relatively enlarged, reduced pressure, fluid collection chamber for fluid deflected by the wall in the misaligned "shutoff" position of the device. A discharge outlet is provided for the collection chamber and fluid discharged in the shutoff position is optionally used for cleaning of the operator's face shield and for confunctioning with the burner-pump control circuit of a hot water or steam blast system.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d92 | Impact sprinkler | An impact sprinkler having several specific features is disclosed herein. One such feature resides in the use of a plastic water deflector having a number of cooperating water deflecting surfaces which improve the overall water distribution pattern of the sprinkler, specifically at the outlying areas of the pattern. Another feature of the sprinkler disclosed herein resides in the particular configuration provided for allowing the water deflector to pibot vack and forth. Regarding this second feature, the sprinkler disclosed herein typically includes a journal pin about which the water deflector can pivot. Located between this pin and the water deflector is at least one longitudinally extending slotted passage open at opposite ends. This passage provides a path through which abrasive material can escape should such material get lodged between the pin and deflector.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d93 | Balanced sprinkler impact drive | A sprinkler having a radially dynamically balanced intermittent drive system to provide a rotating sprinkler head generally free of all objectionable vibrations. The drive system in a preferred embodiment includes a plurality of driven surface means connected to the sprinkler head and an impact drive means rotatably positioned in the sprinkler body. The fluid driven impact drive means includes a striker carrier positioned in the sprinkler body and at least two independent striker means, preferrably balls, positioned symmetrically by the striker carrier to engage the driven surface means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d94 | Adjustable orifice spray gun | A paint spray gun of the airless type is disclosed. The spray gun includes a central passageway for delivering liquid paint under pressure to a spray tip having an elongated, sharp edged spray opening and a pre-orifice adjustable in cross-sectional area positioned upstream in the passageway from the spray opening. The pre-orifice is formed by an elastomeric member having an opening therethrough co-axially aligned with the passageway and the spray opening. The elastomeric member is arranged for axial loading and elastic deformation to vary the cross-sectional area of the pre-orifice opening by operation of a control knob externally mounted on the body portion of the spray gun.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d95 | Turret rewinder | A five spindle turret rewinder wherein the turret is driven in steps so that each spindle successively dwells in each of five stations. A core is manually placed on the spindle at the first station. At the second station, heat liquified glue is applied to the core while the spindle is slowly rotated. At the third station, web leading to a filled roll at the fourth station is severed and applied to the glued core while heat liquified glue is applied to the back side of the web above the cut line. The web is wound onto the core at the fourth station. The spindles are driven rapidly at the third and fourth stations. The glued cut end of the web is pressed against the filled roll by a brush at the fourth station. The filled roll is automatically removed from the spindle at the fifth station.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d96 | Paper holding attachment for drafting boards | An attachment for a drafting board comprising an elongate cylindrical chamber adapted to be removably attached to an edge of a drafting board, such cylindrical chamber containing a longitudinal opening through which paper may be withdrawn or retracted, a rotor mounted within the chamber for receiving a roll of drafting paper, spring means mounted within the chamber for yieldably pressing the paper against the surface of the rotor, said spring means being adapted to be withdrawn to enable placing the paper within the chamber and a crank for rotating the rotor.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d97 | Energy storing safety belt retractor | In an emergency locking safety belt retractor, a locking bar is operated by inertia responsive means which includes an inertia responsive mass and a locking bar for locking with teeth of the ratchet wheel associated with the belt winding wheel of the retractor. The inertia responsive means has been improved by the provision of having resilient means in force transmitting relation between the lock bar and the mass for receiving and storing energy imparted thereto by movement of the mass and for thereby urging the lock bar toward locking engagement with the ratchet wheel through a pawl bounce condition. The pawl bounce condition is defined as the condition that occurs when the lock bar initially bounces off the tooth of the lock wheel before attaining a locking engagement with the wheel. The resilient means may take the form of several different embodiments. In one embodiment, an actuator is mounted between the mass and the lock bar. A resilient stem is connected between the mass and the actuator, and the resilient stem may either be a spring wire or a coil spring. In another embodiment, the resilient means is mounted between the actuator and the lock bar and may either take the form of a diaphragm or a elastomeric material which absorbs energy in either stretching or compressing, or it may comprise a spring mounted on the lock bar for engagement with the actuator to absorb energy from the lock bar to the actuator.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d98 | Package supply device | This invention relates to an indexing supply creel of novel construction that automatically indexes either fully or partially wound packages to a winding spindle of an automatic winding machine. The supply creel construction has particular utility in handling the large packages resulting from production on open end spinning process machines.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d99 | Aircraft | An aircraft having a major longitudinal strength structure generally centralized in the vertical mid-plane. Shallow V-shaped wing panels are secured to the longitudinal strength structure, one at the top and one at the bottom to define a rhombic cellular configuration. Control linkages are provided, positioned and connected to act as stays between paired of upper and lower wing panels.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d9a | Steam-powered aircraft | A steam generator on the aircraft selectively delivers high-pressure steam to atmospheric discharge jets on a lift rotor and/or to peripheral jets on a forwardly-directed propulsion propeller. The propeller is enclosed by a hollow shroud into which the steam jets discharge so that the shroud acts both as a propeller efficiency-enhancing device and a steam condenser to permit recycling of the condensate.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d9b | Airplane wing camber control | The angular configuration of a fluid control surface, with respect to the relative direction of fluid flow, is controlled by selectively heating the structural portions of only one side of the control surface to expand the structural members on the one side with respect to the structural members on the other side for warping the control surface generally from its leading to its trailing edge. Particularly, the camber of an airplane wing is changed by this selective heating for controlling the wing portion lift. Preferably, wires extend generally from the leading edge to the trailing edge of the wing as wing structural members closely adjacent the upper and lower surfaces of the wing, with both sets of wires being prestressed to provide an intermediate camber for the wing portion when the upper and lower wires are the same temperature, a generally symmetrical wing configuration when only the lower wires are heated, and a high lift maximum camber when only the upper wires are heated. The wires may be electrically heated by the passage of current therethrough, closely adjacent the wing surface for air cooling, deeply embedded in the wing structure for insulation, or contained within concentric tubes conducting a cooling or heating fluid. Further, the wires may be organic synthetic fibers with electrically conductive material embedded in them for thermal expansion, or a composite of electrically conductive and non-electrically conductive fibers for thermal expansion, or composed of an electrostrictive material to shorten upon the passage of electrical current, or of composite structure as above mentioned, with an electrostrictive component for shortening with the passage of a current.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d9c | Radiation shielding and gas diffusion apparatus | A device for shielding a heated surface from infrared detection through an exhaust opening adjacent the heated surface which comprises an exhaust gas conducting member adapted to receive heated exhaust gases from the exhaust opening with the member having a configuration which blocks the exhaust opening from line-of-sight view through the outlet to the member. The exhaust gas conducting member includes apparatus to inhibit heat transfer across its interior surface while promoting heat transfer through the wall of the member. Additionally there is provided a diffusion device for breaking up a main stream of heated exhaust gas into a plurality of smaller streams to reduce infrared radiation from the exhaust gas which includes a body adapted to receive heated exhaust gas with insulation apparatus to maintain the exterior surface of the body at a relatively low temperature. A plurality of openings in the body provide discharge of smaller streams of exhaust gas. The openings may be shaped to provide a cross-sectional configuration for the smaller streams of exhaust gas which promote dissipation of heat and energy and which reduce the emissivity of the gas streams.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d9d | Depoly/release system | An apparatus is disclosed for arresting uncontrollable motions of model araft. A signal is used to deploy a parachute when a model aircraft is in a motion, such as a tailspin, from which the operator cannot recover by manipulating the flight surfaces. After the model aircraft has been stabilized to a point where the operator can arrest the uncontrollable motion the parachute is jettisoned and normal flight resumed. The deploy and jettison signals may be sent using a single channel of a multi-channel transmitter and are completely independent of each other.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d9e | Overheated journal bearing derailment prevention system | An anti-derailment system to prevent train derailment due to axle failure sulting from journal bearing overheating includes a thermal sensor to continuously monitor the temperature of the bearing and to activate the brake system when the temperature exceeds a predetermined level. A thermally-responsive element located in the journal bearing adapter physically deforms to activate a power source. The resulting signal initiates an electroexplosive brake line venting mechanism, puncturing and venting the brake line to stop the train. Several configurations of the thermal sensor and the power source are possible.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7d9f | Vacuum cleaner support apparatus | Apparatus for supporting and tilting the collecting chamber of a vacuum cleaner is disclosed including a chassis rollable over a floor surface, having a pair of upstanding arms, a pair of arm members pivotally connected to the upstanding arms of the chassis, and a handle pivotally connected to the arm members. The handle can be locked in either of two positions, with the first push position being such that the gripping portion of the handle is placed above the pivot point of the arm member to the chassis such that the gripping portion is in a position convenient to the operator for rolling the chassis over the floor surface and with the second tilt position being rotated from the first push position about the pivotal connection of the handle with the arm members such that the gripping portion lies below the pivot point to allow pivoting of the arm members on the chassis to tilt the collecting chamber of the vacuum cleaner so that it empties the contents therefrom.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da0 | Mounting device particularly for ceiling or wall fittings | A mounting device, particularly for ceiling or wall fittings, comprising a first member adapted to engage a means of attachment provided in a mounting surface by means of a fastening device whereby said first member will bear against said mounting surface, and a second member having means for engagement with a complementary attachment device of said first member said fastening device having a groove provided in said first member and inclined in relation to said mounting surface to gradually engage said means of attachment when said first member is being secured to said mounting surface.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da1 | Adjustable seat assembly | Seat adjusting mechanism providing a multiplicity of fore-and-aft adjustment positions of a vehicle adjustable seat in which an upper moving guide rail supporting the seat and a lower fixed guide rail comprise two vertical flanges per each rail, the flanges on the upper and lower rails firmly gripping each other thereby preventing the upper rail from being torn off from the lower rail. The mechanism further comprises an improved lock device associated with the flanges on the upper rail.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da2 | Formwork and connecting means for forming annular structures | A plurality of formwork elements are provided, each of which is curved according to an arc of a circle and which are assembled to form an inner formwork wall and an outer formwork wall. Each of said formwork elements have two vertical edges provided with angled portions which form engaging faces, which engage engaging faces of horizontally adjacent formwork elements of the same formwork wall. Said angled portions of said formwork elements of said outer formwork wall extend outwardly. Said angled portions of said formwork elements of said inner formwork wall extend inwardly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da3 | Safety control for valve | Safety device for controlling a valve. For application to a valve for controlling fluid flow, there is provided a normally inoperative device which the operator must consciously and deliberately render operative before the valve can be changed from one setting to another. In the illustrated embodiment, a valve activating device is held in inoperative position by suitable resilient means. To render same operative, the operator pushes the operating device against such resilient means into engagement with a desired portion of the valve for effecting the desired operation. As shown, such operating means automatically disengages only in one selected position of the valve, such as the "off" position, but remains engaged while the valve is in the other position, such as the "on" position. It is, however, possible by a simple modification to render same automatically disengageable as the valve attains either position.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da4 | Leak-proof rotary, plug-type fluid control valve | External leakage around the actuator-stem of a plug valve is prevented by the application of forces to the lower surface of the valving member whereby to normally advance and maintain sealing surfaces on the upper end of the valving member against and in sealing relationship with a diaphragm.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da5 | Ball valves | A ball valve having a seating ring held in a recess in the valve bore by threaded portions of the ring and bore such that, when the ring is in position, the threaded portion on it has passed right through the threaded portion of the bore, there being a radial expansion gap between part of the ring and the recess.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da6 | Fence and fence post assembly | A fence and a fence post assembly for particular application in athletic fields is disclosed. Double-edged pressure sensitive tape is applied to a section of a fence post. The tape facilitates proper alignment of fencing on the post while securely attaching it to the post to prevent relative movement between the fencing and the post. An elongated holding member having an inside surface corresponding generally to the outside surface of the post holds the fencing against the tape. Bolts, or other suitable securing means, join the post and the holding member together thereby holding the fencing material against the tape and the post. The fencing material is preferably a fabric material, while the post is relatively flexible.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da7 | Hand rail | A hand rail for use along hallways or stairways is disclosed which is particularly well suited for use in retirement homes, hospitals, etc. The hand rail comprises an elongated support means which is secured to the wall by a plurality of bolts extending therethrough and which has the rail element mounted thereon. The rail element comprises a flat vertically disposed outer member having an inwardly extending arcuate portion at its upper end. A support means is secured to the lower inside surface of the flat member and is adapted to be secured to the support means mounted on the wall. The two support means have mating beveled surfaces for properly positioning and supporting the rail element relative to the wall. The rail element is comprised of a particle board material having a high pressure plastic laminate secured thereto and extending around the exposed surfaces thereof. Each of the support means is also comprised of a particle board material which permits the entire assembly to be cheaply and easily manufactured.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da8 | Pumpable rockbolt method | Method and apparatus for producing rockbolts in the roof of a subterranean cavity in which two components of an ambient temperature curable resin system are premixed and then inserted into a bore hole. The mixture is permitted to polymerize in situ and then the hardened material is cut off at the entrance to the hole leaving a hardened portion for insertion into the next hole as a precursor. In a preferred embodiment a flexible glass roving is employed to reinforce the material in the hole and a metal tube inserted to support the roving while it is fed into the hole and also to provide venting. The roving and tube is then cut off and left in the hole.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7da9 | Method of preparing moldable plastic and additive agents | A method is disclosed for preparing mixtures of moldable plastic and a suitable amount (generally a minor amount) of additive material to be dispersed throughout the moldable plastic, which mixtures are intended for subsequent use in a plastic molding process, by a method which permits separation or re-classification of the mixture into its moldable plastic and additive material components in the event that the mixture turns out to be incorrect or obsolete. The method includes the steps of obtaining small pellets of a moldable plastic having a first shape, these pellets being substantially free of the additive material. These small pellets of moldable plastic are then mixed with small pellets of moldable plastic into which has been incorporated one or more additives, these pellets having a second shape which is classifiably different from the shape of the other plastic pellets.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7daa | Furnace hood structure | In a combination of a furnace which is provided with an upwardly opening mouth, a lid for the mouth, a hood associated with the furnace and enclosing the mouth, the hood having a ceiling disposed above the uppermost position of the lid and the ceiling being formed with a port registering with the furnace mouth, and a cover for the port, the improvement in which the lid is supported upon a generally vertically upwardly extending post for swinging movement with the post about a substantially vertical axis outside the boundary of the mouth between a position in registry with the mouth and a position laterally removed from such registry, and the cover being mounted upon the post for swinging movement about the axis with the post and the lid.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dab | Drum-type machine for agglomeration of ores and concentrates under       pressure | A machine comprises a rotary drum with a sintering grate on the peripheral surface thereof mounted in a tightly sealed casing, and a hearth mounted coaxially with the drum for ignition and sintering of a charge using air and gas supplied to the hearth. The loading of the sintering grate with a bed and charge, as well as the discharge of finished agglomerate are effected through top and bottom seal valves. The drum is mounted on hollow journals which also serve for removing exhaust gases. The peculiarity of the invention is the provision, in the unloading zone of the drum, of a box-shaped housing having the form of a sector in the cross-section which is stationary mounted within the drum coaxially therewith and open on the side facing the sintering grate, and fixed air conduits disposed coaxially within the hollow journals for supplying compressed air into the box of the housing under a pressure substantially exceeding the pressure within the casing.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dac | Roll-over fixture | A workholder or roll-over fixture including a primary supporting structure and a pair of workholding elements mounted for rotation in the structure about a fixed axis of rotation and providing a work-receiving area therebetween. The workholder is particularly suitable for servicing and maintaining large and heavy machinery. The workholder includes a control system including a sensing means that is sensitive to out of balance forces within the workholder caused by rotation of the workpiece when held by the workholding elements and movement of the center of gravity of the workpiece relative to the axis of rotation. This control system also preferably includes a device mounted on one of the workholding elements which is adapted to sense the attitude thereof. The sensing means provides an output signal, which is sent through the attitude sensing device, indicative of the out of balance forces. Adjusting means are responsive to this output signal and effect positional adjustment of the workholding elements on the structure relative to the axis of rotation. This positional adjustment tends to decrease and remove the out of balance forces by moving the center of gravity closer to the axis of rotation. The preferred adjusting means include a hydraulic motor and lead screw mounted in and on each of the workholding elements.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dad | Printed circuit board carrier | A carrier adjustable in size for holding various sized printed circuit boards during manufacturing procedures including installation of components fluxing, soldering, trimming and the like and includes a frame having conveyor engaging members mounted thereon. Laterally spaced carrier side members are adjustably supported on the frame and are adapted to support respective side edge portions of the printed circuit board. Longitudinally spaced carrier end members are adjustably supported on the frame and are adapted to support respective end edge portions of the printed circuit board. The conveyor engaging members of the frame are adapted to support the carrier on a support surface and to permit vertical stacking of like carriers.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dae | Ceiling article support device | An elevator and support device is disclosed wherein a required adjustment may be conveniently made by a single operator without substantially disturbing his position. Devices such as disclosed in the subject invention find application in the installation of ceiling tiles and other building materials usually attached to overhead rafters and ceiling beams. Prior art devices have been cumbersome and/or complicated and expensive and most have required at least two operators in order to effectuate a fine adjustment of the holding device. The present invention provides fine adjustment capabilities requiring the attention of only one operator.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7daf | Tennis novelty | An amusement device simulates the game of tennis and has a miniature playing surface provided with the lines and net that characterize a tennis court. Hitting elements representing opposing players are disposed on opposite sides of the net, and a wire extends over the net and has its ends anchored near the respective elements. The wire simulates the path of a ball, and a bead is threaded on the wire to represent the ball. The two hitting elements are mounted for oscillation about upright axes, and a cam-operated spring drive alternately actuates the elements in a manner to strike the bead and propel it back and forth over the net to simulate the action in tennis.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db0 | Skating rink assembled from a kit | A plastic annular floor is attached to the ground by tacks. The outer periphery of the floor is bent vertically upwards to form a wall. A circular vertical band abuts the outside of the wall. The floor is held against the band by clips which are driven into the ground. Thus, a squat vertical cylinder with a wide diameter is formed, with an open top. In winter, the cylinder can be filled with water which after freezing can be used to provide a surface for skaters. In summer, the cylinder without water can be used to provide a surface for roller skates.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db1 | Game racket and stringing means therefor | A game racket with a metallic frame having a head formed with an external opening groove to receive a stringer strip of suitable flexible material that is positionable within the groove of the head frame so as to protect the strings forming the playing surface of the racket from contact with the metallic frame, and stringer strip retaining tabs in position between the stringer strip and the surfaces of the groove to resist removal of the stringer strip from the groove.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db2 | Tethered ball and elliptical target | This device consists of a base portion to which is secured upright frame portions having a cord or string secured to the upper extermity the cord having a weighted ball on the opposite end which is to be placed into a center mounted ball support.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db3 | Throwing device | A throwing device made of a light weight, resilient foam material, such as urethane, having a generally hemispheroidal shape with a rounded base. The throwing device has an outer surface formed of major and minor surfaces which have a common axis of symmetry and are convex relative to a plane perpendicular to the common axis. The major and minor sub-surfaces each have an extremal point along the axis with the major sub-surface point being farther from the plane than the minor sub-surface point. The major sub-surface is a segment of a substantially spherical segment.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db4 | Three dimensional word game | A three-dimensional word game comprising a 3.times.3.times.3 cube for receiving letter pieces, there being 26 letter-receiving spaces disposed on the surface of the cube. One letter of the alphabet may be associated with each of 26 letter pieces. In playing the game, players take turns placing one or more letter pieces onto the cube. Words are spelled out by tracing a path between consecutively adjacent letter pieces.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db5 | Portable lawn playing checker apparatus | A portable lawn playing checker apparatus comprised of: A rectangular base board having a first and a second face; with a plurality of rectangles inscribed upon the first face and a first storage compartment and a second storage compartment attached to the second face of the rectangular base board on opposite ends of the base board for storing a plurality of movable rings, which are used as checkers. The base board is further comprised of first and second holding compartments on said first face for holding the movable rings during the game. The base board has a hinge between the first storage compartment and the second storage compartment for folding the rectangular base board in half. The portable lawn playing checker apparatus has a device for moving the movable rings from rectangle to rectangle.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db6 | Lid latch mechanism for a disc record player | A lid is pivoted to the base of a record player for movement between a closed position and an open position. A leaf spring is secured to the base at one end thereof. A detent is mounted to the remote end of the leaf spring for movement between (1) a protruding condition subject to engagement with the lid when closed, and (2) a retracted condition releasing the lid if closed. A plunger is reciprocably mounted for cooperation with a lid release button. A slide is movably mounted in the base adjacent the leaf spring for movement between (a) a position interposed, and (b) a position not interposed, between the plunger one end and the leaf spring. The plunger responsive to operation of the release button moves the detent to the retracted condition, via the slide and the leaf spring, if the slide is in the interposed position. If the slide is not interposed, the release button is ineffective to actuate the detent. A linkage is provided between the cam and the signal pickup carriage of the player for moving the slide to the interposed position and not-interposed position when the carriage is, respectively, in a standby mode and a playback mode thereby preventing opening of the lid during playback.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db7 | Sound track unit for audio-visual apparatus | A device for the viewing of photo-images and the presentation of sound recordings corresponding to such photo-images, which device may be controlled by the user to provide substantially random access to any photo-image and the sound recording corresponding thereto, is disclosed. A modular construction of such device and its adaptability to either hand-held or projection embodiments is described. A novel tone arm system as well as a novel turntable driving mechanism, a novel disc type record unit and a novel record changing mechanism is disclosed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db8 | Seals for use between two relatively-rotating surfaces | A lip seal for use between two relatively-rotating surfaces, and in which the contact pressure increases with distance from the sealing lip for preventing the leakage of fluid therebetween irrespective of the direction of relative rotation. The seal has projections on the "air" side of the sealing lip (that is to say, the side remote from the fluid to be sealed) which so engage one of the relatively-rotating surfaces as to have a contact area of which two opposite sides extend away from the sealing lip portion and diverge away from each other.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7db9 | Sealed joint and gasket therefor | A sealed joint between two members. The joint utilizes a gasket that includes a rigid plate having a generally U shaped corrugation therein that forms a recess in one face of the plate and a raised rib on the other face. The face having the raised rib has a layer of elastomeric material thereon on opposite sides of the rib for sealing engagement with one of the members. Elastomeric material is also contained within the recess for sealing engagement with the other member. One of the members may have a recess for receiving the gasket and the depth of the recess may be greater than the axial thickness of the rigid plate at the corrugation whereby the members do not impose axial compression on the corrugation when the joint is tight. In another form of the invention, the rigid plate may have another corrugation spaced from the first corrugation and of slightly greater axial length. This gasket may be used between two members, neither of which has a recess, and wherein the second corrugation is engaged by the members to limit the amount that the members may be brought toward each other and thus prevent the members from imposing axial compression on the first corrugation.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dba | Device for sealing between preferably movable parts | A device for producing a seal between movable and/or stationary parts, such as a piston and a cylinder particularly under conditions of high fluid pressures, comprises a sealing ring having an O-ring configuration and fabricated of a material such as rubber. A support ring is disposed on at least one side of the sealing ring in coaxial relation thereto, the support ring being fabricated of a thermoplastic polymer material having a hardness greater than the sealing ring and being formed with a concavely curved contact surface facing and engaging the sealing ring. A guide ring having an L-shaped cross section is disposed outside of the support ring relative to the sealing ring in coaxial relation to the sealing and support rings, and consists of a polymer material having a hardness greater than the thermoplastic polymer of the support ring. The guide ring includes a side surface in planar engagement with a planar contact surface formed on the support ring on the side thereof opposite to the concavely curved contact surface, the engaged planar surfaces having substantially the same dimensions in a radial direction, and the said guide ring also defines a peripheral sliding surface extending substantially perpendicular to its said side surface and having an axial dimension greater than the axial dimension of the support ring. The sealing ring, support ring, and guide ring are mutually displaceable relative to one another and have no mutual interconnections therebetween.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dbb | Plastic ski and method of making the same | A snow ski having a plastic foam core formed in situ between preformed top and bottom subassemblies.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dbc | Ski brake | A ski brake for bringing a lost ski on a ski slope to a halt, comprises arms which pivot under spring action into an operative position in which a pointed front end of each arm digs into the snow when the ski boot leaves its bindings. Insertion of the ski boot in the binding causes a pedal to be depressed onto the ski and the pedal moves the arms back into an inoperative position almost parallel to the ski. The rear end of each arm is hollow and contains a spring-loaded piston which bears on a cam. In one embodiment the cam is fixed relative to the ski, and the piston and the arm pivot around the cam surface under the action of the spring when the pedal is released. In another embodiment the cam is part of the arm and forms a pivot mounted to rotate in a bearing in a part of the ski. The cam is pivotted by the spring-loaded piston which in this embodiment is slidably mounted in a sleeve fixed relative to the ski.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dbd | Ski binding | A ski binding includes a soleplate, integral with a boot sole or adapted to carry a boot, to which a plate is hinged at one end about a transverse axis, this plate having an opening with a bevelled edge which passes about and comes to jam under the head of a pin fixed perpendicular to the ski. A spring urged locking member acts on the other end of the soleplate to releasably hold said other end against pivoting about said transverse axis or about said pin, and to releasably jam said opening under the head of the pin. A fixture can be provided for locking said plate on the ski whereby, when said locking member is disengaged, the soleplate is freed for pivoting about the transverse axis e.g. during ski touring.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dbe | Safety ski-binding | In a safety ski-binding comprising an elongated sole plate for supporting a ski boot, sole depressors provided on the sole plate for releasably retaining the boot thereon and mounting means for holding the sole plate to the ski except on the occurrence of an overload, the sole plate is provided with at least one transverse horizontal pivotal axis disposed in the region supporting the ball of the boot so that the sole plate can bend to an upwardly concave shape and adapt itself to a corresponding curvature of the ski during use. The sole plate may be made in two or more parts which are hinged to one another, in which case the or each hinge line constitutes the respective pivotal axis, or at least the ball-supporting region of the sole plate may comprise a thin and flexible sheet having a plurality of juxtaposed transverse members secured to its underside.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dbf | Chair and hand truck combination | A chair and hand truck combination is disclosed comprising a platform upon which a load may be set and removed, a pair of wheels partially supporting the platform, a back rest extending upwardly from the platform, and a pair of arm rests extending above the platform from the back rest.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc0 | Collapsible carrier for equestrian saddle | A frame is provided with a pair of spaced ground wheels at the lower end thereof and a handle at the upper end thereof. A saddle-bearing member is pivotally mounted upon the frame to be selectively folded against the frame or, alternately, supported in a generally horizontal saddle-bearing position by a foldable strut. Foldable ground support means are also pivotally secured to the frame for cooperating with the ground wheels to support the carrier in an upright position. Seat and shade means are selectively attachable to the frame.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc1 | Occupant restraint system | A vehicle body includes a manifold extending transversely of the instrument panel adjacent the windshield. An oval-shaped, slotted diffuser is secured to the manifold and communicates with a source of pressure fluid. An occupant restraint cushion includes an unbilical portion communicating with the diffuser and also includes a pillow portion. The cushion is stored within the manifold. A cover is provided for the manifold. When the source of pressure fluid is communicated with the diffuser, the diffuser expands from an oval shape toward a round shape and relocates the slots during such change in shape. This moves the cover to an open position. The umbilical portion is then projected rearwardly of the body and is located between the windshield and instrument panel when inflated. The pillow portion is erected generally vertically of the body rearwardly of the frontal portion of the instrument panel.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc2 | Energy absorbing panel structure | Two uniform sheets are separated from each other by a corrugated member. The alternating ridges of the corrugated member are spot-welded to the inner surfaces of the two sheets. One of the sheets forms an impact receiving surface and has rows of slots, each row being located between the ridges. Upon impact, the slotted sheet is fractured and the adjoining spot-welded sections of the corrugated member are progressively deformed to distribute the impact force over a large area.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc3 | Hybrid gas system for automobile passenger restraint system | A hybrid system is described for inflating an automobile passenger restraint bag. Part of the gas for inflating the bag is stored in a high pressure gas reservoir. Another portion is generated by combustion of a pyrotechnic mixture. In a preferred embodiment the gas storage cylinder and pyrotechnic generator are coaxial with an axial gas flow passage through the pyrotechnic generator for collecting and conveying gas. A frangible diaphragm separates the pyrotechnic gas generator from the high pressure gas storage vessel. The gas generator has four compartments surrounding the gas flow passage, each containing a pyrotechnic gas generator grain. Combustion gas flows from one of these compartments through another and thence to the axial gas passage. In each embodiment the two inflation gas sources are in series with the inflatable bag rather than in parallel with each other.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc4 | Inflatable garment for crash protection | An inflatable garment or suit of clothing worn by a motorcycle rider is detachably connected with a source of pressurized gas operative to inflate the suit in response to a predetermined deceleration of the motorcycle, or manual operation of a trigger adjacent the motorcycle hand grip when a crash or spill appears to be inevitable. If the rider jumps or is thrown from the motorcycle, the suit will pull loose from the gas source by virtue of the detachable connection and will remain inflated for an appreciable time interval to protect the rider from multiple impacts. The detachable connection is also manually operative to permit the rider to disengage the suit in its non-inflated condition from the gas source without triggering the latter, and thereby to leave the motorcycle while still wearing the suit.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc5 | Stabilizer foot for backhoes and the like | A foot for the stabilizer arm of a backhoe or like construction equipment having a plurality of ground-engaging faces suitable for use in stabilizing with different ground surfaces. The foot comprises a detachable pad which may be pivotally attached to the stabilizer arm and retained in selected different orientations, with each orientation providing a different ground-engaging face.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc6 | Steerable trailer suspension system | A trailer suspension system eliminating jackknifing of the towing tractor and trailer assembly, providing stability to the trailer and more efficient braking especially during emergency stops and materially increasing vehicle maneuverability. Steering control is provided by a connection with the towing tractor in laterally offset relation to the vertical pivot axis formed by the kingpin and fifth wheel articulate connection between the towing tractor and trailer. The steerable wheels in the trailer suspension are supported by a generally right angular spindle structure connected to walking beam assemblies for pivotal movement about generally vertical axes which are oriented forwardly of the horizontal axis of rotation of the steerable wheels with the spindle assemblies being interconnected by parallel, vertically spaced rods provided with universal connection with the spindle assemblies for maintaining proper orientation of the steerable wheels during their steering movement and during relative vertical movement. The trailer suspension includes independently and resiliently supported axle and spindle assemblies in the form of a two axle or three axle tandem assembly with the resilient independent support for the suspension axles effectively maintaining wheel contact with the ground surface for more effective braking and greater vehicle stability.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc7 | Oscillation damping and stabilizing trailer hitch dolly | This dolly frame has a cross member upon which a pair of ground wheels are rotatably mounted and from which laterally-spaced opposite side members project forward. These side members terminate in wedge-shaped coupling members pivotally connected to coupling member adapters permanently secured to the rearward portion of the towing vehicle chassis, thereby providing limited rise and fall of the dolly relatively to the adapters. The center of a transverse leaf spring mounted on the cross member engages the lower end of a trailer hitch ball structure mounted on a cross-head which is in turn connected to a shock absorber to thereby dampen the oscillation of the leaf spring and thereby eliminate the pitching otherwise transmitted to the towing car as a jerking motion back and forth when the dolly hits a bad bump.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc8 | Color former and pressure-sensitive copying paper | A 1,3-dihydro-1-oxo-benzo[b]thieno[2,3-C]furan derivative represented by the following General Formula I ##SPC1## or a 1,3-dihydro-3-oxo-benzo[b]thieno[2,3-C]furan derivative represented by the following General Formula II: ##SPC2## wherein ring A represents a benzene ring or a naphthalene ring, R.sub.1 and R.sub.2 each represents an amino group, and X, Y and Z each represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, an alkyl group, an aralkyl group, an alkoxy group, an aralkoxy group, an acyloxy group, a nitro group or an amino group, useful as a color former, e.g., in a pressure sensitive copying paper.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dc9 | Pressure-sensitive copying paper containing lactone compounds derived       from pyridine-carboxylic acid | A pressure-sensitive copying paper comprising an adsorbent solid acid and a microencapsulated color former capable of forming a distinct color when reacted with the adsorbent acid coated on the same or a different surface of a support or supports, the microencapsulated color former being at least one lactone compound derived from a pyridine-carboxylic acid represented by the formula ##SPC1## Or a mixture thereof, wherein R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3 and the partial structure ##SPC2## Are as defined hereinafter, is disclosed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dca | Lottery ticket | A lottery ticket which consists of a continuous strip of sheet material is perforated along predetermined lines and folded to provide a three-layer ticket in which the lottery number is placed on the bottom layer. The perforations are disposed in the two upper layers and define areas that can be readily broken to form lug portions. The ticket number on the bottom layer can be revealed only by pulling on the lug portions which will tear off along the perforated lines. In this manner the ticket is permanently and irreparably altered.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dcb | Couplings | The invention relates to a pressure fluid coupling and in particular a high pressure hydraulic coupling. The coupling comprises two hollow flanged members, one of which carries a spigot having an O-ring near its end. The spigot is inserted into the bore of the other member and when it homes, the front faces of the flanges will abut. A resilient clip clips over the flanges to hold the coupling members together. Both coupling members may however be female members and a coupling device having "O"-rings near its ends may be inserted into the bores of coupling members.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dcc | Strain equalizer for thermally stressed pipes | An expansion compensator suitable for controlling the thermal expansion of a pipeline between fixedly disposed components, which comprises a linear pipeline extending between a pair of longitudinally spaced stress-susceptible pipeline components, a longitudinally spaced pair of linear strain equalizers interposed in the linear pipeline between and spaced inwardly from the components, and a pair of overlapping longitudinal anchors affixed to the linear pipeline, each of the anchors further overlapping one of the strain equalizers the combined distances between the outer end of each of the anchors and the adjacent component being substantially equal to the amount of overlap of the anchors.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dcd | Hose coupling and joint | A hose coupling and joint in which a nipple insertable within a relatively hard but flexible tube, such as reinforced nylon, has a long smooth tapered portion at its outer end and a series of barbs at its inner end whose edges define a reverse taper, the barb of largest diameter being at the inner end of the smooth tapered portion and no larger than the inside diameter of the hose to permit ready insertion of the nipple into the hose without damaging the latter. The hose is held upon the nipple by a band type clamp that encircles the hose opposite the barbs.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dce | Latch mechanism for closure member | A latch mechanism for a closure member that has a lever arrangement for connecting a main bolt to an auxiliary bolt. The two bolts are retractable together against the bias of a spring which acts through the lever arrangement to provide increased extension of the main bolt when the auxiliary bolt is maintained in a retracted position.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dcf | Locking means for sliding closures | Locking means to prevent movement between relatively movable members such as between sliding windows or sliding doors, said locking means including a body portion having a flange formed adjacent opposite edges, said flanges being substantially parallel to each other and each of said flanges having a projecting member adapted to be received in a hole provided in one of said relatively movable members when the locking means are positioned to prevent relative movement therebetween.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd0 | Dry hole wire core barrel apparatus | Wire line core barrel apparatus that includes a wire line core barrel inner tube assembly movable through a drill stem to be seated in a latched core taking position adjacent the drill stem core bit, and a main overshot assembly that is coupled to a lowering overshot assembly for lowering the inner tube assembly and alternately coupled to a retracting overshot assembly for withdrawing the inner tube assembly. The inner tube assembly includes a generally annular overshot coupling member secured to a latch release tube that is mounted on a latch body to retract a pair of latches when said tube is moved axially outwardly relative the latch body, and an overshot coupling rod secured to the latch body and extended through the coupling member. The lowering overshot assembly has a lock coupling for releasably couplingly engaging the coupling rod that upon pulling on the lowering assembly with more than a given force will release coupling engagement of the lowering with the coupling rod. The retracting overshot assembly has a collet that will couplingly engage the coupling member upon lowering the retracting overshot assembly, and that upon withdrawing the retracting overshot assembly moves the latch release tube to first move the latches to a retracted position and then retract the inner tube assembly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd1 | Modular structures for enclosing a vehicle load or passenger receiving       space | A knockdown modular enclosure structure that is adapted to convert vehicles for use either as mobile security or detention carriers for transporting prisoners, animals or the like or as a means of transportation in which the passengers are protected from persons outside the vehicle. In one embodiment the passenger or load space on the bed of a truck is enclosed by a series of knockdown panels defining the walls and roof of the enclosure. The panels are separably and detachably interlocked without the use of fasteners and in such a manner that they cannot be removed from either inside or outside the enclosure when at least one of the panels, which provide a doorway for entering and leaving the enclosed space is closed. The driver's compartment is protectively enclosed by an additional array of panels fitting over the windshield and windows or window spaces of the compartment. In vehicles having a roofless driver's compartment, a panel construction is provided for enclosing the top of the compartment as well.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd2 | Automotive vehicle tilt cab latching devices | A tilt cab automotive vehicle has a latching device comprising a toggle clamp operable to clampingly engage a frame portion of the vehicle with a portion of the tilt cab to restrain the cab from inadvertent tilting during normal vehicle operation. Preferably an assembly utilizing two such devices interconnected by a linkage is provided, and is operable from one side of the vehicle.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd3 | Safety belt tension relieving apparatus | The apparatus is adapted to relieve tension on a shoulder belt of a vehicle safety belt system. The apparatus includes a pressure sensing means; a locking member; an electric actuating means; and a biasing means. The pressure sensing means is disposed in the back portion of a seat. The locking member may be a clamp bar or a pawl adapted to engage a ratchet wheel. The electric actuating means may be a solenoid which is mechanically connected to the clamp bar or pawl and electrically connected to the pressure sensing means. The electric actuating means is adapted to actuate the locking member to its locking position. The locking member counteracts the rewind mechanism of the retractor and relieves tension on the shoulder belt.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd4 | Demountable pneumatic tire rim assembly | A pneumatic tire and wheel assembly may be disassembled, so that the tire may be removed after deflation, simply by rotating a cylindrical removable outer rim so as to disengage a respective locking lug on the wheel from a corresponding recess on the removable outer rim. There are eight locking lugs spaced 45 degrees apart on the fixed rim of the wheel and corresponding recesses in the removable outer rims so that without removing the fixed wheel rim from the hub of the automobile it is possible simply by rotating and pulling to remove the removable outer rim after first deflating the tire and then it is possible to remove and replace the tire without the use of bead breaking or bead stretching equipment by inflating the tire back to normal pressure thereby locking the removable rim in place.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd5 | Automatic wafer feeding and pre-alignment apparatus and method | Improved apparatus and method for automatically withdrawing silicon wafers or like articles from a supply magazine, transporting the same on a fluid bearing to a station where such articles are pre-aligned in sequence prior to treatment thereof at an adjacent mask aligner or like mechanism, and automatically discharging the articles following such treatment thereof onto another fluid bearing for transportation thereof into a discharge magazine. Improved sensor means is provided in conjunction with the supply magazine and discharge magazine for automatically indexing such magazines to feed and receive wafers in sequence moving relative thereto. During pre-alignment operation, each wafer is automatically rotated on an air bearing until it is oriented with a flat edge surface thereof in a predetermined position, which position is maintained as the wafer is transferred into the mask aligner where fine orientation thereof is completed, either manually or automatically, in accordance with the type of mask aligner apparatus with which the pre-alignment apparatus of this invention is combined.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd6 | Solids flow control device | Disclosed herein is a solids flow control device for controlling the rate of flow and the distribution of flow of solids in a continuous counter current contact between liquid and solid material, and more particularly to apparatus wherein an upwardly directed liquid flow counter currently contacts a solid material, and the downward movement of solids is maintained at a uniform rate across the horizontal cross section of the vessel. The device comprises a vessel in which solids move downwardly in a liquid-solid counter current system to a control mechanism in the form of a plurality of longitudinally parallel rotating rolls and baffles which occupy the entire horizontal cross section of the vessel and maintain the even downward movement of the solids at a uniform rate across the horizontal cross section of the vessel.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd7 | Air brake blend back proportioning valve | A motor vehicle air brake system includes a blend back proportioning valve which reduces brake sensitivity at low braking pressures and which allows full braking at high braking pressures.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd8 | Signal generating circuit for anti-skid brake control apparatus | A signal generating circuit for anti-skid brake system includes at least a pair of first and second wheels, and a pair of first and second sensing coils for sensing rotational conditions of the first and second wheels, respectively, and generating first and second signals in response thereto, wherein upon troubled conditions occurring in either one of the first and second sensing coils, the signal of the other one of the first and second sensing coils is substituted for the signal of the troubled sensing coil in order to maintain anti-skid brake operation even when one of the sensing coils is faulty.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dd9 | Anti-skid control system | An anti-skid control system for decreasing braking distance performance of a braked wheeled vehicle while maintaining the lateral stability thereof. The system is comprised of a digital data logic processor responsive to only wheel deceleration and wheel velocity of the braked vehicle for iteratively or alternatively preselectively attenuating and restoring an applied brake fluid pressure, so as to cause the brake system performance to track the knee of the road-torque versus wheel velocity envelope as a function of time. The only parameters employed are wheel deceleration, wheel velocity and mode time for mode-switching between the several control modes (selective brake pressure attenuation and restoration) employed, while the modes themselves include preselective time-scheduling of the respective brake pressure attenuation and restoration.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dda | Drive belt assembly for snowmobiles | A drive belt assembly for snowmobiles. The assembly includes an endless drive belt, which extends substantially across the entire width of the rear portion of the snowmobile, and is longitudinally and drivably supported on the snowmobile body. First and second sets of transversely and alternately positioned and spaced drive cleats are securely mounted on the outer surface of the drive belt. Each of the cleats has a first end portion which is adjacent one of the lateral edges of the belt, and a second end portion, which is spaced inwardly from the other edge of the drive belt. Surface portions are defined on the outer surface of the track longitudinally between each of the first end portions of one set of the drive cleats, and transversely between the second end portion of each of the other set of cleats, and the other edge of the drive belt. Flexible, unitary, lugs or projections extend from the outer surface portion. The drive cleats, which are of a futigue resistant design, and the flexible projections cooperate to provide forward traction for the snowmobile, while avoiding side slippage of the snowmobile as it is driven across the snow and/or ice.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ddb | Agitator shaft seal | An agitator shaft for revolving attached blades within a fluid containing tank rotates in support bearings free of any attachment to the tank. A shaft mounted housed seal unit exteriorly of the tank comprises a packing gland and a fitting connected by a flexible tubing with the fitting having a bore and the tank having a complementary opening each substantially larger than the diameter of the shaft. The shaft extends axially through the fitting and opening into the tank and the fitting is secured in the opening. The flexible tubing is designed to absorb torque from the seal unit and such unit permits the shaft to be mounted with equal facility and efficiency on tanks of plastic, rubber or metal and materially reduces shaft alignment problems.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ddc | Swing pad bearing | A novel pad-type fluid wedge sliding surface bearing in which the individual pads have a swing-like motion to produce a lubricating wedge between the face of the pad and the moving surface. The center of swing for each pad is located so that the fluid friction moments and the pressure moments on the pads oppose each other. The moment equilibrium position of the pads will form a wedge converging in the direction of motion of the moving member. In achieving this condition, the pads may be constructed of a metal-elastomer laminate section with the laminal arcuately formed about a center located in the direction of the opposing sliding surface.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ddd | Combined radial and thrust bearing | An annular shoulder on the radial bearing is contacted by the thrust bearing raceway radially inwardly from the inside periphery of the thrust bearing cage. Either the thrust race or the annular shoulder on the radial bearing, or both, may have an integral axial extension with the thrust race and the radial bearing interlocking radially inwardly from the inner periphery of the thrust bearing cage. The bearing is pressed in to the bore of the housing by pushing against the thrust race with the force against the thrust race being transmitted by way of the annular shoulder to the radial raceway. Thus, it is not necessary to push the bearing into the housing bore by pressing against the thrust rollers which often results in critical damage to the thrust race.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dde | Full complement bearing having preloaded hollow rollers | This disclosure relates to a full complement bearing and the method of forming the same wherein the rollers of the bearing are hollow and are installed between the bearing races in a preloaded condition. Further, the rollers have the end portions thereof relieved so that only the central portion of each roller is cylindrical. Such a roller bearing produces highly desirable and unexpected results. First, the runout of the bearing is at a minimum. In fact, utilizing lower grade components, a full complement hollow roller bearing formed in accordance with this disclosure will have the superior minimum runout of a much higher grade bearing utilizing solid rollers. In addition, the life expectancy of the full complement bearing is much greater than that of like full complement bearings having solid rollers.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ddf | Bearing for a vertical axle | A bearing for vertical axles particular for use in goniometers comprises a non-displaceable member of an instrument on which a movable member is seated by means of a ball bearing. One of the two members possesses a cylindrical bush and the other one is provided with a journal projecting into said bush. The cylindrical region of the bush and of the journal is divided into three sections, which are sequentially arranged and in which the bush and the journal differ in their diameters. The difference of the diameters is larger in the second and smaller in the third section, if compared to the first section. The relation of the differences of diameters between the journal and the bush in the third section to the length of the third section is equal to or greater than the relation of the differences of diameters in the first section to the entire length of the cylindrical region.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de0 | Race securing device | A bearing lock is provided which can be inserted, tightened, and removed from the exterior of a rotating machine without disassembly of the end bell of the machine. Positive guiding means insure that the locking portion will only engage a bearing outer race. A portion of the bearing lock comprises a lever which turns about a housing portion fulcrum as a tightening means is torqued. As the locking member is displaced, an angular extension of the lock is drawn into engagement with the outer race and transmits an axially directed force thereon. When secured in operating position, the body of the lock has minimal axial projection thereby avoiding interference with adjacent structure.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de1 | Toilet paper storage and dispenser | A container with a suspended roller for dispensing toilet tissue, with storage space for a spare roll, and space to hold air freshener fitted within the container.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de2 | Dispenser for strip material | A dispenser for strip material comprising a receptacle having an arcuate well for a reservoir roll of strip material, a cover overlying said receptacle for receiving a feed roll of strip material. A base is secured to said receptacle defining a compartment for receiving strips of material torn from said feed roll for future use thereof. The base has upwardly extending flanges and a partition for removably clampingly engaging said receptacle while defining a compartment for receiving the strips of material.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de3 | Plate holder and dispenser | A paper plate dispenser houses a stack of plates and is provided with specially formed openings in its bottom and side walls to enable one or more of the plates to be removed easily. Brush-like retainers are supported on the inside of the dispenser housing and engage selected portions of the plates in the stack to aid in retaining the plates within the housing. The configuration of the dispenser is such that it may be supported in a horizontal or vertical attitude to facilitate its mounting in a variety of convenient locations.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de4 | Stackable and nestable container units | A sequence of containers of equal width and rectangular form with flat horizontal bottoms and flat vertical sides and ends can be placed in sequence one directly above another to form a self-supporting stack of vertically expanded height. By reversing the sequence, the containers can be placed one directly above another to form a self-supporting nest of collapsed height. The individual containers are symmetrical in shape both longitudinally and laterally and, except for incremental differences in length, can be identical in construction. The end-to-end relationship of successive containers can be the same for both stacking and nesting or individual containers can be turned end-for-end at will for either stacking or nesting. The compressive strength of the end panels provides strong support for either stacked or nested containers through upper and lower integral abutments on the end panels which fit against the side panels of underlying containers, when nested, and overlying panels, when stacked. When stacked or nested, adjacent containers are locked against relative longitudinal displacement by overlapping end panels and are locked against relative lateral displacement by end panels fitting between side panels of adjacent containers. The containers are easily adapted to serve as a wardrobe and play beds for dolls, being fully enclosed when nested and laterally open when stacked.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de5 | Information storage system | One or more pages of a publication are provided with a pre-printed perforated area which may be removed from the remainder of the page or with a pre-printed form which may be peeled from the page. The perforated areas provide individual cards when removed from the page, while the peelable forms are placed on a backing when they are separated from the page. The cards and backings are provided with shaped cut-outs at one edge for placement in a suitable storage container.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de6 | Portable television cabinet surface extender | A detachable-table unit for extending the available and useful work and storage surfaces of portable television cabinets, including a top, an outer frame below the top for support on portable television cabinets and an inner frame and movable rod structure for securing the unit from sliding or tipping by enclosing the television handle and fitting against it beneath the grip; other embodiments include adjustment, buffet, drop leaf, shelving, drawer and antenna access features.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de7 | Hang-it-all jewelry cabinet | A decorative wall cabinet for retaining an assembly of necklaces with or without medallions thereon, chains, both long and short, chains of beads, bracelets, rings and ornamental pins all in visible, convenient arrangement for selection by the wearer. The cabinet has a hinged door with a picture or other decoration on its outer surface and a mirror on its inner surface. A bar is fixed below the mirror having outwardly extending pegs or pins to hang the shorter chains or rings thereon. Inside the cabinet is a row of compartments at the top for bracelets and such jewelry, a bar having pins extending outwardly from the bar to hang long chains or necklaces thereon in spaced individual relationship. At the bottom end are two pivoted drawers having chambers therein to receive smaller items of jewelry such as pins, bars, etc.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de8 | Central plug connection | A central plug connection, especially for the connection of diagnostic apparatus in vehicles, in which a frame box consisting of electrically insulating material and equipped with at least one continuous ground rail connected with the vehicle ground is secured in the vehicle; each electrical connecting line coming from individual vehicle aggregates, is provided with a separate plug socket element that is sealingly and disengageably connected by itself at the frame box while the ground and shielding connection of the socket element is electrically connected with the ground rail; a common multi-plug is thereby adapted to be inserted into the sockets of all plug socket elements.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7de9 | Wall socket | A wall socket of the "pick-safe" type to prevent or at least make it difficult for children to come into contact with the electrical conducting contacting members of the wall socket wherein the contacting members are arranged to be movable between an inoperative position, where they are inaccessible from the openings of the socket, to an operative contact position which includes a guiding arrangement to guide the contacting members to the operative position when connecting the plug to the socket, and to an inoperative position, when removing the plug from the socket.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dea | Electrical connector assembly | The following specification is directed to an electrical connector assembly including a cam surface on one connector body having recessed contacts and a cam follower on the other connector body having recessed contacts for guiding the connector bodies and contacts into proper engagement. Guide means are also provided on the connector bodies for facilely guiding the insertion of a socket contact into one of the bodies and a boot having improved guiding means is used for sealing and gripping the conductors connected to the contacts.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7deb | Circuit panel connector | A circuit panel connector for enabling the connection of a plurality of circuit terminals at the edge of a circuit panel, such as a printed circuit board, with external conductors includes an elongate socket and self-aligning bifurcated electrical contacts juxtaposed with the socket along the length thereof, each having a pair of opposed cantilever tines integral with a common base and carrying contact lobes at the free ends thereof such that both tines are free to flex resiliently relative to one another for the reception of the circuit panel edge between the tines, while the contacts are free to move laterally, relative to the socket, for alignment of the contacts with the circuit panel edge in response to insertion of the circuit panel edge within the socket, and a strap integral with the base of each contact and extending laterally into a tubular connector element having means for releasably clamping an external conductor against the strap within the tubular connector element.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dec | Interface connector | A connector for supporting a printed circuit board in electrical and mechanical connection to the wrapping posts or pins of a wire wrap panel without interference to wrapped wire connections at the pins includes a housing, electrical contacts arranged in opposed pairs within the housing for movement between cocked position for receiving the pins and locked position for locking engagement biting into the pins, and means for retaining the printed circuit board in the housing. The contacts are moved to locked position by inserting the leading edge of the printed circuit board into engagement therewith, and each contact provides a connection between an electrical circuit on the printed circuit board and a respective pin.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7ded | Flat cable wire-connector | A solderless connector for making electrical contact with the closely spaced wires of a compact flat cable, wherein the contact elements comprise two coplanar sharpened flat outer prongs and a sharpened flat central prong parallel to, and displaced from the plane of, said outer prongs.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dee | Electrical connector | An electrical connector includes complementary contact elements, one contact element being supported for axial movement in its housing as part of a contact assembly also including a piston and a member evolving arc-quenching gas upon being subjected to an arc. Such contact assembly is disposed in a passage having an encircling electrically conductive wall and a piston thereof is responsive to evolved gas to displace the contact assembly. A resilient contactor is situated radially outwardly of the contact assembly and radially inwardly of the conductive wall for resiliently engaging the contact assembly and wall for providing electrical continuity therebetween.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7def | Connector backshell adapter and method of using same | An adapter device for use with cable connectors. The adapter device comprs an elongated tubular sleeve having means for engaging cable connector backshell and mating rings and an adapter ring slidably engaging the adapter sleeve. The adapter ring comprises at least two longitudinally adjacent segments, a first segment having a cross-sectional diameter slightly larger than the cross-sectional diameter of the adapter sleeve, and a second segment having a cross-sectional diameter slightly larger than the cross-sectional diameter of the connector mating ring. A cable is attached to the connector backshell and extended through the adapter sleeve to the connector mating ring. The backshell and mating ring are attached to the adapter sleeve and the adapter ring is secured to the mating ring. The adapter device can be coded for identification.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df0 | Special effects lens | A special effects lens including a longitudinal housing of substantially triangular shape in transverse section having a spherical lens snap-fitted into one end thereof and held in place by cutouts formed in the sides of the housing. The housing is also provided with transverse slits for the insertion of colored inserts which are mounted at the apices of the housing adjacent the spherical lens to increase the variety of patterns and images produced. In addition, the viewing end of the lens may be provided with a camera adapter ring so that the lens may be mounted on a camera.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df1 | Dual turret attachment for a microscope and the like | A sub-stage, dual-turret assembly provides a rapid interchange of condensers and birefringent elements without sub-stage assembly, disturbance of illumination system, refocusing the microscope or dislocation of the object being studied and minimizes storage problems normally associated with maintaining convenient access to a selection of interchangeable delicate optical elements. The assembly has an upper turret normally adapted to carry at least two condensers and a lower turret usually adapted to carry a plurality of birefringent elements. The two turrets are independently rotatable in order to provide maximum versatility.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df2 | Incident light illumination instrument for selective light and dark       field illumination | An incident light illumination device or instrument for generating dark and light field illumination, wherein at least one optical component is used in a region where the dark field and the light field illumination beams are kept in separate zones. The inner zone is traversed by the light field beam and is endowed with an index of refraction other than the outer zone which is traversed by the dark field beam. A switchable stop for eliminating the light field beam is provided in the vicinity of the optical component (s). The index of refraction of the inner zone of at least one optical component is selected so that the light source is reproduced in the rear focal plane of a microscope objective. A mirror designed as a rotating body and reflecting from its inside surface is located in the optic path from the optic component to the microscope objective and this mirror solely reproduces the dark field beam as a light ring in a plane on the rear side of the microscope objective.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df3 | Method of manufacturing an optical fibre light waveguide | A dielectric optical waveguide can be made by forming a bundle of rods in which a single rod made of glass suitable for forming the core of the dielectric optical waveguide is surrounded by three rods made of a glass suitable for forming the cladding of the dielectric optical waveguide. The bundle of rods is heated and drawn down to a suitable size. By increasing the number of rods in the bundle it is possible to make a dielectric optical waveguide with a plurality of cores.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df4 | Optical plasma devices | Optical systems constructed of plasma matter. In particular optical systems such as radiation shields, reflectors, and shaped optical media in the form or function of optical lenses, optical polarizing devices, analogues to gratings and the like. Also disclosed are non-linear optical devices which function by a gradual, periodic, or abrupt change in optical properties of the optical medium. The said devices are constructed of plasma or other states matter, for example solid matter, semi-solid matter, fluids or combination thereof.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df5 | Method of collecting orientation of the molecules of a liquid crystal       and a liquid-crystal cell for carrying out said method | A method of collective orientation of the molecules of a mesomorphous liquid crystal, in which each of two oppositely-facing walls of a liquid-crystal cell is covered with a conductive deposit forming an electrode and with a thin film of a substance which exhibits properties of orientation of smectic crystals in solid phase; the mesomorphous liquid crystal is placed in contact with the two thin films and the molecules of said liquid crystal are aligned with those of the thin film.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df6 | Variable light transmission device containing ferrous ammonium sulfate       as an auxiliary redox system | A device for the control of light transmission or reflection comprises one or more working electrodes, preferably arranged to form a display and having radiation transmission or reflection properties, an active material comprising an N(p-cyanophenyl) substituted derivative of a compound, usually bicyclic, having two conjugated nitrogen-containing rings in contact with the working electrode surface, a counter electrode, also in contact with the active material and ferrous ammonium sulphate as an auxiliary redox system.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df7 | Electro-optic modulator | An electro-optic modulator used to modulate coherent light beams by the application of an electric potential. It combines a Fabry-Perot etalon and a diffraction grating in a single unit. An etalon is constructed with an electro-optic material between reflecting surfaces. A voltage applied between alternate, spaced-apart electrodes of a metal grid attached to one reflecting surface induces a diffraction grating in the electro optic material. Light entering the etalon is diffracted, reflected and efficiently coupled out.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df8 | Edge brightness display and method using a material exhibiting       dielectric anisotropy | A dielectric anisotropic material provided in its optical uniaxial state is caused to alter its optical properties along electrode edges by shorting electrodes, changing potential or otherwise modifying the application of an applied electrical field parallel to the optical axis of the dielectric anisotropic material. Electro-optic cells and imaging systems are disclosed using the edge effect accompanying the modification of the applied electrical field.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7df9 | Control device for a zoom lens system | A control device for a varifocal lens system of a type which includes an optical system having a lens group movable along the optical axis thereof and in which the amount of the movement of the movable lens group necessary for focusing is varied in response to the focal length of the optical system selected by the zooming operation. The control device includes a member pivotable about a point in response to the focusing operation, a first movable member having a portion operatively coupled to the pivotable member, and a second movable member operatively coupled with the movable lens group. The first movable member is movable in a first direction perpendicular to the optical axis in response to the zooming operation for varying the distance from the portion of the first movable member to the pivoting point of the pivotable member. The first movable member is also movable integrally with the second movable member, in a second direction parallel with the optical axis in response to a pivoting of the pivotable member for moving the movable lens group along the optical axis for focusing. In this manner, the amount of movement of the movable lens group is varied in accordance with the distance from the portion of the first movable member to the pivoting point of the pivotable member.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dfa | Slidable mirror for adjustable speed projector with synchronized sound       recorder | An adjustable speed projector including a continuously running shutter for repetitively interrupting the projection light path at a rate which is independent of the film frame rate, a source of film frame advance signals having a repetition rate controllable by an operator, and means for advancing a film by one frame in response to each advance signal at a time corresponding to the next succeeding interruption of the projection light path by the shutter so that the film is in motion only at times when the shutter interrupts the light path. The film-advancing mechanism includes a continuously rotating drive wheel, a driven wheel which is caused to engage the drive wheel for one cycle in response to each actuating signal, and a claw, one end of which is eccentrically mounted on the driven wheel and the other end of which engages a film sprocket hole to advance the film by one frame for each cycle of the driven wheel. A single spring urges the driven wheel into engagement with the drive wheel and also urges the claw into engagement with the film and against a lateral guide surface. Two-channel recording and playback apparatus is provided so that film frame advance signals recorded in synchronism with a sound track may be used to control the projector in the playback mode.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dfb | Sanitary wig viewing device | There is provided a novel device whereby a prospective purchaser of wigs is enabled to determine the appearance of the wig on said purchaser's head without actually placing it thereon. The novel device comprises a concave mirror of predetermined focal length and a wig support means in combination therewith whereby the wig may be placed above and around said mirror and the prospective purchaser can view the reflection of her face in the mirror in such a manner that the wig accurately reflects the appearance of said wig on and about the purchaser's face.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dfc | Method and apparatus for viewing pictures | A concave mirror is positioned at an angle to a flat surface containing a picture so that a viewer can view the picture as reflected to his eye by the concave mirror. Masking is provided about the marginal edges of the concave mirror to define within the masking a reflecting area less than the total area of the picture. As a result, the degree of visibility of the top, bottom, and side portions of the picture can be changed by the viewer shifting his line of sight, the masking means defining a window which appears closer than the viewed picture so that a three-dimensional effect results. Perspective and keystone effects resulting from the angular relationships are compensated for by varying the width dimensions of the masking and the manner in which the picture is formed on the flat surface.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dfd | Masking apparatus for a multi-color electrophotographic printing machine | This invention relates generally to a method of color reproduction and the apparatus employed therefor. More particularly, the invention concerns a method and apparatus employed in masking an original document so as to create color highlights or a color copy from a black and white or color original.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dfe | Multiple sheet feeding system for electrostatographic printing machines | An electrostatographic printing machine employing sheet conveyance along a path through the machine from a plurality of supply sources to a sheet output delivery point. An individual conveyor mechanism is adapted to convey sheets to a common sheet registration mechanism associated with the conveyor mechanism for one of the supply sources. The registration mechanism serves as a control element in the machine processing programming system which includes the feeding of sheets from the individual supply sources, and the processing events for the production of electrostatic latent images and the transfer thereof to the sheets.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7dff | System for measuring volumetric ratios of liquid suspended solids | A system for determining the volumetric ratio of solids suspended in a liquid comprises a photometer or similar means for passing a beam of electromagnetic energy through a sample of the liquid having solids suspended therein. Means for measuring a characteristic representative of the amount of energy absorbed by the sample is provided, as a photo detector for example. The volumetric ratio is then computed by applying a proportionality factor characteristic of the solids suspended in the liquid to the output of the measuring means.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e00 | Automatic variable filters for use in scanned spectrometers and the like | A spectrometer is scanned across a desired frequency range. A selective filter is automatically varied to alter its characteristics according to the spectrometer's scanning rate by a single control voltage; to assure that the filter's characteristics are optimum for both fast and slow scanning rates. This invention relates to spectrometers and more particularly to apparatus for enabling automatic tracking of filter characteristics during the scanning of a spectrometer.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e01 | Monochromator with concave grating | Monochromator comprising a concave grating, the lines of which are situated at the intersection of the concave surface with a family of surfaces geometrically like the equiphasic surfaces obtained as loci of the luminous intensity maxima produced by the interference of two beams from two point sources C and D, an entry slit A and an exit slit B, wherein the polar coordinates of the points C and D and of the entry slit A and exit slit B in a system of polar coordinates having as its origin the apex of the grating and as reference axis the axis of the grating in a plane of reference passing through this axis are connected by the following relationships: ##EQU1## in which (.alpha., l.sub.A), (.beta., l .sub.B), (.beta., l.sub.C) and (.delta., l.sub.D) are the polar coordinates of A,B,C and D, respectively, R is the radius of curvature of the grating, .omega.=(.alpha.+.beta.) /2 and .phi.=(.alpha.-.beta.)/2.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e02 | Interferometer apparatus incorporating a spherical element of index of       refraction of two | An interferometer arrangement of either the transmission or reflection type incorporating at least a pair of partially spherical or spherical elements having an index of refraction of approximately two is disclosed. In a preferred embodiment, the spherical or radiation directing elements are glass spheres having an index of refraction of approximately two at the wavelength of a light source being utilized. In a transmission type interferometer, both the spherical or radiation directing elements are utilized as beam splitters and collimators while, in the reflection type interferometer, one of these spheres is used as a beam splitter and collimator while the other is utilized as a retroreflector. The complete spherical symmetry of such radiation directing elements permits them to function with any orientation relative to the optical path between them. Mechanisms in which desired motions are controlled with high precision by applying mechanical feedback to position a movable body relative to a fixed reference body, using the above described interferometer arrangement are also disclosed. The same mechanisms are capable of being controlled from a programmed computer causing the movable body to exhibit a desired motion using interference fringe detection schemes to both monitor and accurately position the movable body relative to a reference body. Also disclosed is an actuator based on a hollow hydraulic cylinder having a given longitudinal axis which includes an interferometer arrangement incorporating at least a pair of spherical elements which have an optical axis substantially coincident with the longitudinal axis of the actuator. Also disclosed are transducer arrangements disposed in series with the actuator which are utilized to meet high frequency stability requirements.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e03 | Interferometric device for measurement of variations in length of a       sample under the influence of temperature | An interferometric device is provided for measurement of the variations in length of a sample under the influence of temperature, the length of the sample being within a plane of reference and a plane of measurement defined by two plane terminal faces of the sample. The device comprises a source of monochromatic light, means to form parallel beams from the light source, a controllable temperature thermostatic enclosure containing a sample holder, a reflecting measurement surface joined to the plane of measurement for receiving one of the beams, a reflecting reference surface for receiving the other beam, a bearing face presented by the sample holder for the terminal reference face of the sample which is elastically applied against the bearing face, and support means for supporting the reflecting reference surface inside the enclosure and ensuring that the variation of distance between the two reflecting surfaces will always be equal to the variation in length of the sample when the temperature of the thermostatic enclosure is varied. The two beams reflected respectively by the two reflecting surfaces are caused to interfere, and a sensor observes and measures interference fringes.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e04 | Laser gyroscope | A laser gyroscope is disclosed wherein a polarization dispersive structure, disposed in the path of the laser beam, includes an anisotropic crystal as a half-wave retarder. The crystallographic axes of such crystal are oriented with respect to the plane of the path to produce different delays to oppositely polarized waves passing through the crystal structure.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e05 | Device and process for testing a lens system | Device and process for testing the optical transfer function of a lens system which comprise employing as the object or target the laterally moving-fringe pattern produced by convergence of two monochromatic coherent-radiation beams of equal size and intensity and slightly different frequency. A second fringe pattern may be employed as the reference standard. Both the target and reference patterns can be varied simultaneously in spatial frequency or fringe period. The system and process can test both modulation transfer function and phase transfer function accurately at any monochromatic wavelength produced by an available coherent-radiation source to which the test lens system is transparent, e.g., ultraviolet or shorter, visible, and infrared or longer. When polarized monochromatic radiation is used, the invention can also be employed to determine the polarization characteristics of the lens. The system and process can also test chromatic aberration by successive use of different coherent monochromatic radiation wavelengths.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e06 | Process and apparatus for monitoring angular orientation | Process and apparatus for sensing the angular orientation of a line or slit element, which comprise producing a laterally moving interference fringe zone wherein the fringe period is substantially wider than the element or the positive difference between the width of the element and a integer multiple of the fringe period, by converging two beams of coherent light of equal intensity and different frequency; positioning the portion of the article bearing the element within the fringe zone such that the article lies in a plane defined by the x and y axes in the fringe pattern and the element is in a position, relative to the article, such that its longitudinal axis is substantially parallel to the fringe plane or can, by rotation of the fringe zone relative to the article around the z-axis, be brought into fringe-plane parallel position; rotating the fringe zone and/or the article around the z-axis to produce relative angular rotation between them; and determining the ratio of AC to DC signal components of the radiation scattered by the line or transmitted by the slit as rotation around the z-axis continues. The maximum AC/DC ratio indicates parallel fringe-plane alignment of the element and the degree of angular rotation from a given relative position of the fringe plane and the element to a succeeding position of parallel fringe-plane and element alignment indicates the angular orientation of the element on the article.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e07 | Process and apparatus for sensing magnitude and direction of lateral       displacement | Process and apparatus therefor for sensing the magnitude and direction of lateral displacement of at least one line or slit element of an article which comprises producing two coherent light beams of the same intensity, one of the beams having a different frequency from that of the other beam, the frequency difference .DELTA.f being within the radio frequency range; converging the two beams to form an interference zone comprising, within the zone of convergence, a fringe pattern characterized by continuous lateral movement at a rate equal to .DELTA.f; adjusting the fringe period of the pattern to a width which is substantially wider than the element or the positive difference between the width of the element and an integer multiple of the fringe period; positioning at least the portion of the article bearing the element within the interference zone in such manner that the article lies in a plane defined by the x and y axes of the fringe pattern and the element is in a position, relative to the article, such that its longitudinal axis is substantially parallel to a fringe plane; laterally shifting the fringe zone and/or the article along the y-axis to produce relative lateral displacement between them while maintaining the element in substantially parallel fringe-plane alignment at least within the central portion of the fringe zone; continuously determining the phase of the RF signal component of the radiation scattered or transmitted by the element as the relative lateral displacement between the zone and article continues from a first to a second position of the element within the fringe zone; simultaneously and continuously comparing the phase of the scattered or transmitted radiation RF signal with the phase of a constant reference RF of .DELTA.f frequency; and sensing the magnitude and direction of phase shift between the RF signal component of the scattered or transmitted radiation and the RF reference between the first and second positions, whereby the magnitude indicates the extent of lateral displacement of the element between the two positions and the direction indicates the direction of relative lateral displacement. The element can comprise a single element, two essentially parallel elements, or a plurality of elements wherein at least each two adjacent elements are substantially parallel. The process and apparatus are particularly useful for accurate measurement of fractional distances between two elements with a high degree of fine resolution; the total magnitude and direction of displacement of elements of a measuring device, such as an encoder; and the distance from a reference element to a desired position on the article.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e08 | Traffic survey system | This invention is of a traffic survey system in which an aerial photo survey transparency is first made of a significant survey area, for example, two kilometers square. The transparency is then optically scanned to check the position and size of vehicles on roadways in the area. By computer control comparison with a reference transparency wherein areas other than roadways are made opaque and roadways are made clear, scanning may be directed solely to roadway regions. Vehicle size analysis is accomplished by means of discrete holographic filters corresponding to selected size vehicles.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e09 | Aperture tube with attached thief | An apparatus used in a particle measuring device where liquid suspensions of particles to be measured are brought into contact with the apparatus. The apparatus includes an aperture tube and a thief conduit which are secured to one another and form a unitary structure. The unitary structure has its exterior surface constructed and arranged so as to minimize contamination via carry over from one suspension to another.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e0a | Stud assembly | A stud assembly produced by holding in fixed position a head portion having a gripping surface extending from a base. A deformable washer is then extended over the base. A stud member is provided with a receptacle end portion and positioned with respect to the base of the head so that interengaging and cooperating surfaces on the receptacle and base are aligned and provide locking apertures for receiving the washer. Finally, the washer is deformed so that it extends into the locking apertures thereby locking the stud member to the head and forming a unitary stud assembly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e0b | Adjustable window frame anchor clip | A structure for anchoring a sill assembly to a wall or foundation structure comprising a clip member adapted for cooperation with said assembly and which may be fastened without the use of bolts, screws or the like. Said clip member comprises a structural support means adapted for connection to the wall or foundation structure and a sill connecting means including a wedge-shaped fastener for holding said clip member in fixed relation to said sill assembly.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e0c | Manhole frame with adjustment screws | A manhole frame with adjustment screws for raising and lowering said frame has in its inner surface pockets or recesses each communicating with a hole for guiding of the adjustment screws. The recesses serve to receive nuts for the screws and the recesses are shaped so as to permit the sideways of said nuts. The recesses also constitute drainages for the screw holes.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e0d | Tools for imprinting non-repeating stone patterns in fresh concrete | A method for forming non-repeating stone patterns in fresh concrete including preparing the surface of the fresh concrete by bullfloating and the addition of color, if desired, imprinting into the fresh concrete indentations representative of the corners only of the stones in the pattern, imprinting separately connecting grooves between the imprinted corners. The method may further include the use of a plastic overlay on the fresh concrete prior to imprinting so as to provide a well rounded edge to the formed stones. A number of tools for forming the non-repeating patterns are also disclosed. One of such tools is a walking tool including a flat platform having a plurality of apertures, a shaft rotatably extended through each aperture, a hub on each shaft below the platform on which the platform rests, a flange on each shaft engaging the top of the platform, a plurality of imprinting blades extending from each hub to form a group, the top of each shaft having an anvil head to be pounded, and at least one of said apertures being elongated to render one group of blades both rotatably and laterally adjustable for varying the stone patterns to be imprinted in fresh concrete. Other tools suitable for use with the method include an individual group of blades arranged in the form of the corners of the stone to be imprinted, together with a striking area by which the blades can be pounded into the surface of the fresh concrete.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e0e | Vibratory compactor attachment | A compactor tool for use in conjunction with a mobile prime mover having a vibratory frame to which said tool is mounted. A tool shank is adapted for selective mounting to the vibratory frame and carries a compactor shoe pivotally mounted to the shank lower end, said shoe compacting filled or partially filled conduit burial trenches. Shoes of different widths are readily attachable to said shank for the compacting task at hand. Fluid dispersal means delivers fluid in a metered manner to the shoe when used for compacting paved surfaces.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e0f | Velocity probe for compressor surge control | A method and apparatus for sensing the velocity of a fluid flow, especially within the boundary layer of a fluid flow path through a compressor. A reference flow under constant pressure is established through an orifice dividing two plenum chambers, and directed through a flow sensing opening in a probe positioned in the flow to be sensed. The flow sensing opening is slightly larger than the orifice. A relative pressure indicator connected to the two plenum chambers indicates the velocity of the sensed fluid flow. The flow sensing opening is arranged so that the normal reference flow of fluid therethrough is in the same direction as the normally expected flow direction of the flow to be sensed.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e10 | Fluidic governor system | A fluidic governor system for controlling the speed of a drive shaft output of a prime mover, comprising a fluidic governor, a reciprocating or vane compressor, a fluidic RC filter, and a valve. The compressor is mechanically coupled to and driven by the drive shaft output of the prime mover, and generates both pneumatic power and a pulsating fluidic signal which has a frequency proportional to the rotation of the drive shaft output of the prime mover. The fluidic RC filter blocks the passage of the pulsating fluidic signal and converts the power output to a steady pneumatic power supply which powers the fluidic governor, while the pulsating fluidic signal is acoustically sensed by the governor. A speed error signal whose magnitude is proportional to the error in the frequency of the pulsating fluidic signal, is generated from a control output port of the fluidic governor for regulating the energy supply to the prime mover by means of the valve to correct the speed of the drive shaft output of the prime mover.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e11 | Pressure gas engine | A pressure gas engine having an inner first member of circular cross section with a periphery containing first energy conversion means for converting gas pressure to power and an outer second member extending around the first member and with a generally circular inner surface facing the outer surface of the first member and having second energy conversion means in the inner surface facing the first member and for converting gas velocity to power. In certain embodiments the inner and outer arrangements of the first and second members will be reversed. At least one of these first and second members is rotatable about an axis of rotation by the force exerted thereon due to the gas acting on its energy conversion means with one of the energy conversion means in either the first member or the second member comprising at least one and preferably a plurality of spaced converging-diverging nozzles each lying on a chord of its member that is less than the diameter and exhausting toward the other energy conversion means with the other energy conversion means comprising a series of impulse turbine buckets facing the nozzles. Each bucket is inclined with respect to its member and is adapted to be aligned with the nozzle exhaust on relative movement of the first and second members with respect to each other.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e12 | Fluid pumps | A double action fluid pump consisting of the combination of a rotor with multiple blades feathered at an angle perpendicular to the fluid surface, all enclosed within a casing which is contoured to the said rotor-blade assembly and its its related fluid movement area, said casing having a main suction chamber and a discharge chamber in line with each other and in line with the lower one third periphery of the rotor which requires the fluid to flow in a straight line through the pump. A supplementary suction chamber is located in the upper quadrant of the casing on its discharge side which furnishes additional fluid to the main suction chamber to balance the vacuum-pressure relationship of the two suction chambers and cause a rise of pressure behind the blade travel path, thereby minimizing or eliminating blade cavitation as well as increasing the supply and momentum of fluid through the main suction chamber.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e13 | Outlet diffusor for a centrifugal compressor | An outlet diffusor for a centrifugal compressor built up from two planar discs and a number of elements shaped as segments of a circle interposed therebetween; each element is defined by two opposed shaped edge faces, which together with corresponding faces in adjacent segments form tubular passages in the diffusor; the geometrical form of these passages may be varied by altering the cross section of the channels or the spacing between the segments, and by mounting the segments so they are angularly adjustable so that the flow characteristics of the diffusor may be altered and during use.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e14 | Turbine housing | This invention relates to a turbine housing which includes at least two separate passageways for receiving a flow of fluid and carrying same to a volute section for introduction to a turbine wheel, a first of said passageways being arranged to surround at least 160.degree. of a second of said passageways at the termination of said second passageway, the termination of said second passageway being at or upstream of the start of the volute section of the housing. The invention also includes a turbine and a turbocharger including the housing of the invention and an internal combustion engine in combination with such a turbocharger, and further includes the turbine housing of the invention in combination with an exhaust system in which exhaust ducts merge together at least one duct surrounding at least 160.degree. of another duct at the point of juncture.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e15 | Hollow cooled vane or blade for a gas turbine engine | A hollow cooled blade or vane for a gas turbine engine has a cooling air entry tube sealed to its hollow interior at spaced apart locations to provide a space which is divided into longitudinal sections by longitudinal partitions. Each section is provided with cooling air through apertures in the tube and at least one has film cooling holes extending to the blade surface.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e16 | Turbodrill | A turbodrill comprises a housing in which there are fixed stators having blades forming a circular pattern and defining guide passages for the flow of drilling fluid fed by mud pumps, and a shaft mounted on a thrust bearing and having rotors fixed thereto, the blades of the rotors also forming a circular pattern and having the direction opposite to the stator blades so that the rotor rotates relative to the stator. The rotor and stator blades are shaped such a manner that an angle .theta. between the tangents to the middle line of the profile at the inlet and outlet edges of the blade determining the profile camber is selected in accordance with the relationship .theta. = 180.degree. - (from 4.5 to 7).alpha..sub.1, an angle .alpha..sub.2 between the line perpendicular to the axis of the pattern and the tangent to the middle line of the profile at the outlet edge of the blade is selected in accordance with the relationship .alpha..sub.2 = (from 3.5 to 6).alpha..sub.1, wherein .alpha..sub.1 is an angle between the line perpendicular to the axis of the pattern and the tangent to the middle line of the profile at the inlet edge thereof as measured in the direction towards the concave portion of the profile, and the ratio of maximum thickness ".DELTA." of the blade profile to the chord "1" thereof is selected within the range .delta./1 = from 0.09 to 0.19.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e17 | Wind power plant | A power plant of the windmill type is provided which includes a multi-arm horizontal propellor unit mounted for rotation about a vertical axis. Each propellor vane of the unit includes an external shell configured to form an elongated trough with an open trailing edge. A webbing is mounted within the shell to form a series of cells which are exposed through the open trailing edge. The shell has a parabolic cross section, and its leading edge has an airfoil shape. The propellor unit responds to wind from any direction so that the need for wind tracking mechanisms is obviated. Moreover, the construction is such that gyroscopic vibrations due to wind changes are also minimized.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e18 | Bucket locking mechanism | A locking mechanism for preventing axial movement of side entry buckets mounted upon a rotor disc. The locking mechanism includes a pin loosely supported within a disc tang, the pin having a recessed shoulder arranged to abut against the platform of a first bucket and an extended section arranged to be received in a complementary slot formed in the platform of the next adjacent bucket. A further mechanism is provided for preloading the pin against the buckets whereby the dampening characteristics of the system are enhanced and balancing of the buckets is facilitated.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e19 | Oil well pumpoff control system utilizing integration timer | A valve in the production flow line of an oil well closes a reed switch indicative of fluid being pumped through the line. The switch closure activates a first oscillator whose count is compared with a variable frequency oscillator having a frequency of approximately one-half that of the first oscillator. The comparison is made over a given period of time to ascertain the percentage of time the valve has been open and passing fluid. Theoretically, the valve should be open approximately fifty percent of the time because almost that much time is taken on the downstroke of the pumping assembly when no production is occurring. The integrated timer is adjusted to shut down the system when the percentage of time the valve is open drops to the preselected amount, usually equal to or less than around 50 percent. In response to the integration timer producing a signal, a shutdown timer is turned on which restarts the cycle after a preselected amount of time. The length of shutdown time for the pumping unit is preset according to the well fill-in rate. When the system is restarted by the shutdown timer, a pump-up timer is turned on which is adjusted to allow for a desired pump-up time. As the pump-up timer is allowing the system to recycle, the integration timer is reset and the recycling is completed if the requirements of the integration timer are met. Otherwise, the unit is shut down again and the system recycled. A variable electronic scaler is connected to the output of the integration timer which monitors the output signals from this timer. A reset circuit between the integrator and the scaler resets the scaler to zero after a successful recycle of the system. A successful recycle occurs when fluid is pumped at a flow rate equal to or greater than the preset minimum when the pump has been restarted after a shutdown period. If the pumped fluid flow rate achieves the minimum preset flow value during or at the end of the pump-up period, a reset signal is conveyed to the scaler to reset it to zero and continue pump operation and system recycling indefinitely, or until malfunctions interfere with the pumping operation or production drops below a level economically feasible for pumping operations. When malfunctions do occur, such as parting of the sucker rod, the pumped fluid flow rate will remain below the desired preset value and no reset signal will be conveyed to the scaler. At the end of the pump-up cycle the pump will not be pumping fluids and will be shut down in response to the signal from the integrator assembly. Since there will be no reset signal to the scaler, it will begin to accumulate the shutdown signals. After the preset number of times the integration timer produces a shutdown signal, the scaler turns off the whole system. It can then be restarted manually. This provides a safety device for equipment failure such as breaking of the sucker rod. Means are also provided for recording the various timed cycles and also for monitoring the number of signals transmitted to the scaler, thus being indicative of the number of times the system has automatically shut down and successfully recycled. Also a circuit is provided to determine the exact percentage of time that the pump is producing fluid flow, whether above or below the preset minimum percentage. A continuous recorder may be used with this circuit to maintain a constant record of the percentage of time the pump is flowing well fluids to allow the operator to determine if the preset minimum percentage should be lowered, and how much it should be lowered to obtain successful recycling of the pumping system.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e1a | Dual prerotator | The invention relates to a method and apparatus for improving the performance of back-to-back turbocompressor or turbopump systems, or, more generally, of internal-separation energy separators. A helicoidal or spiral baffle is used to impart simultaneously a positive prerotation to the flow which is to be de-energized and a negative prerotation to the flow which is to be energized.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e1b | Portable water sampling apparatus | Portable, self powered water pumping apparatus for use in sampling water in remotely located wells comprises a wheeled hose reel cart which supports a long length of plastic hose or tubing. The tubing has a small diameter length of inner tubing telescoped inside itself throughout most of its length. The inner tubing passes through the wall of the outer tubing near the upper end thereof and is connected to a pressurized cylinder of gas such as a standard 14 oz. propane gas cylinder. When the lower ends of the tubes are well submerged beneath the water level in a well, admission of gas to the inner tube at its upper end will force water up through an annular space between the tubes and out the upper end of the outer tube where it can be collected. A channeled plug at the bottom of the tubes prevents the tubes from collapsing, helps to keep them straight and together as they are lowered into the well and provides partial support for a weight hanging from the bottom of the tubes.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e1c | Air-pressure actuated slurry pump | A slurry pump including a pressure tank with an inlet and a lower outlet and having a pneumatically operated, inwardly opening closure at the inlet and a hinged, outwardly opening door at the outlet swingable between opened and closed positions. An external source of air under pressure hydraulically shuts the closure and pressurizes the tank, forcing a semi-liquid slurry such as liquid manure contained within the tank through the outlet and into a duct leading to a lagoon or the like. A slurry level sensor shuts off the supply of air to the tank when the slurry reaches a given level in the tank.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e1d | Metering pulse pump | A metering pulse pump for metering an additive liquid into a liquid carrier under high pressure. A high-pressure, rapidly reciprocating piston pump is provided at its outlet end with a pressure-relief valve including a spring pressure control permitting the valve to open under varying pre-set pressure differentials across the valve. A diaphragm pump having first and second chambers separated by a diaphragm is provided with one of the chambers communicating directly with the outlet of the piston pump upstream of the pressure-relief valve, liquid carrier emitted under pressure from the piston pump serving to drive the diaphragm pump in a pumping stroke, the second chamber of the diaphragm pump having inflow and outflow ports with respective check valves permitting only inflow and outflow of an additive liquid into and out of the second chamber. The first and second chambers of the diaphragm pump are communicated through a manually closable bleeder duct having a check valve permitting flow only from the first chamber to the second chamber when the duct is open. The length of a diaphragm pumping stroke corresponding to a rapid piston pump stroke is controlled by the pressure differential setting of the pressure-relief valve.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e1e | Pressure equalizing pump | A gear-driven transport ring rotates around a toroidal chamber. Spaced sealing rings carried by the transport ring divide the chamber into compartments which serve to transport liquid from a feed station to a discharge station. Gas or vapor pressure is employed at the discharge station to bring the liquid up to desired discharge pressure and to transport it to, for example, the feed water intake of a steam boiler.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e1f | Means for lubricating swash plate air conditioning compressor | A six-cylinder swash plate air conditioning compressor having reciprocal double-acting pistons within a swash plate chamber positioned centrally between axially spaced front and rear cylinder blocks having intermediate suction and discharge gas crossover passageways in the cylinder blocks. The swash plate chamber provides a crankcase for receiving lubricant returned from the front head suction chamber by means of piston blow-by during the compression stroke of the pistons. The suction pressure in the crankcase is at a higher level than the pressue in the suction gas crossover passageway while being at a lower level than the pressure in the cylinder head gas discharge chamber creating the necessary positive pressure gradient to circulate the lubricant internally within the compressor. Radial slots are formed in the cylinder block outer faces to provide first and second internal lubricant differential pressure flow passages between the shaft thrust and journal bearings and the cylinder block suction cavities communicating via the suction crossover passageway to the front head suction chamber.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e20 | Integral housing pump with servo controlled cheek plate | An integral housing type rotary positive displacement fluid flow device such as a power steering pump is provided with a servo valve sensitive to a pressure gradient on opposite sides of an orifice in the fluid flow path, controlling the unloading of a fluid pressure loaded cheek plate which unseats to directly bypass fluid from the outlet to the inlet in amounts exceeding the flow control set point and has an efficiently cored housing providing cavities for the components and passages connecting them in operative relation.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e21 | Hydraulic pump incorporating means for limiting volume of flow | A pump is disclosed which incorporates regulator means to limit the discharge volume of the pump. The regulator means includes an operating piston which responds to pressure differentials caused by excessively rapid flow through a duct. The pressure difference is used to overcome a spring bias and operate a pressure relief valve.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e22 | Portable and manually operable peristaltic pump | A peristaltic pump comprising a portable housing capable of being held in the hand and which carries means defining an elongated surface, a tube leading past the housing in contact with the elongated surface that includes near one end of the housing, a non-return valve that allows fluid to flow only in the direction that leads away from the housing, the tube being a flexible tube along at least that part of its length in contact with the elongated surface, a roller which is reciprocable along the flexible tube, means for squeezing the tube against the surface by the roller and thereby closing the tube and for moving the roller along the tube towards the non-return valve while thus squeezing the tube, means for continuously biasing the roller away from the non-return valve and means to withdraw the roller from said tube during or subsequent to its return to its initial position whereby the flexible tube returns substantially to its normal configuration.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e23 | Apparatus for use as a gas compressor or gas blower | A gas compressor or blower comprising a cylinder having air intake and exhaust ports; a piston which is rotatably and reciprocably movable in the cylinder; valve means for admitting air into and exhausting air from at least one chamber lying to one side of the piston; a piston shaft to which the piston is secured, the piston shaft passing through seals at the axial ends of the cylinder; means for applying a rotary drive to the piston rod; and a cam arrangement for causing reciprocation of the piston rod as this rotates; the arrangement of ports and valve means being such that as the piston rotates and reciprocates air is induced into the chamber, is compressed in the chamber and then exhausted from the chamber.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e24 | Rotary cell pump for the conveying of sausage stuffing and the like | A rotary cell pump is provided for the conveying of sausage stuffing and the like. The pump has a stationary hub and a stator surrounding the hub in concentric relation therewith and an eccentric rotor. The rotor divides the pump into an inner pumping chamber for the sausage mix and an outer pump chamber forming an air pump to evacuate air from the sausage mix.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e25 | Air tool overspeed shutoff device | An overspeed shutoff device for use in a rotary pneumatic tool is disclosed. The device is operable to shut off air supply to the motor on failure of its governor to function properly in preventing overspeeding of the motor. The device includes a valve closing plate positioned in the path of air flow to the pneumatic motor, just upstream of an inlet port for passage of air into the motor. In normal operation of the tool the valve plate, which rotates with the motor drive shaft, is retained in a position spaced from the air inlet port by a locking mechanism engaging the drive shaft of the tool to prevent axial movement therealong. The plate locking device comprises a cantilever mounted spring wire in engagement with a groove in the drive shaft and a centrifugally responsive weight operably connected to disengage the wire from the groove in response to the attainment of a predetermined rotary speed. Upon failure of the main governor of the tool and consequent acceleration of the motor to such predetermined speed, the wire is disengaged from the shaft groove and the air pressure drop across the valve inlet port causes the closure plate to move toward and cover the inlet port, thereby stopping the flow of air to the motor.
57025eb6eb1ec9f5515f7e26 | Rotary displacement pumps | A rotary positive displacement pump of the internally-meshing screw type having a stator, a rotor and an inlet or outlet chamber at one end of the rotor has a drive comprising a connecting member rigidly secured to the rotor and extending through the chamber, which connecting member, beyond the end of the chamber remote from the rotor, is joined by a connecting rod with two universal joints to a drive shaft, connecting member in the chamber being supported by a bearing flexibly carried on a resilient support member which is sealed to the outer race of the bearing and also to the chamber wall.
